Princeton advertises itself as "an undergraduate school". What does this mean?

How, specifically, are graduate students not appreciate by admin or professors?My husband is expecting to start a faculty job at Princeton this Fall (woohoo!). We have a 6 year old and a baby.

I am from the midwest and completely unfamiliar with NJ. Can anyone give some insight as to what towns/areas to scope out for housing within a reasonable commute from the University? Or areas to avoid. We are looking for safe, quiet, family-friendly areas near good schools (prefer house/townhouse over apartments or condos). I'm a speech therapist and he will be in academics, so we are pretty solid middle class. 

Thanks in advance!!Hey ya'll! I'm an upcoming student at Princeton intending to do a BSE in MechE. In high school, I took AP Chem, but received a 2 on the exam (oof). I didn't take Physics 2,  Physics C Mechanics, or E&M (school didn't offer), but I took AP Physics 1 and received a 5 (as far as I know, this doesn't matter, but let me know if I'm wrong). I'm hoping to skip out of the chem requirement (chem 201 or 207) and maybe even the physics requirement (physics 103 and 104), and I was wondering if I'm still allowed to do the STEM placement testing for physics (since I didn't take Physics C) and for chem (since I received a 2 on the AP exam). I looked at the website and I still need some clarity since there are quite a few conditions that they mention. 

If I'm eligible to do either exam, what resources do you recommend I self-study with, and what textbooks does Princeton use for these courses?

Also, I'm eligible to do the language placement exam (took Spanish for 4 years),  and I was wondering what sources I should use to refresh. 

Thank you!Hello all, just wanted to make a few comments as a current FGLI student and shoot down some of u/Not-gerrymandering 's incorrect information.

Here is the original message from their previous post retyped as they deleted it:"The FSI scam that everyone was suggesting was a scam as usual. It was $3500 for two classes during the summer for everyone fucking year. This funding this year, however, was a fucking meme of $350. WTF. Like actually wtf. Why target poor kids. I already don't want to be here and will likely end up like the other two people who offed themselves this past week if I go.

I mean fuck. Why? Am i the asshole here? Yale is giving over $1k for their comparable summer program shit and Stanford, etc are probably much more. So Why? I am in hell."

Let's do a cost breakdown right now of going to Princeton versus Yale for example. Yale's program actually only gives a $250 stipend. The number that they are quoting is reflective of the "summer savings contribution", which Princeton got rid of years ago because it disproportionately affected low-income students.

Beyond this, EFC 0 students at Yale still have to pay $1,600 every year unless, unless they do fsy (which only waives this cost in the first year). On the other hand, Princeton requires zero student contribution for the entirety of the education if you're EFC 0.

If you're curious as to why students previously received a larger stipend, but are receiving a lower one now, that is because that $3500 is ONLY reflective of the stipend over COVID. Students who took FSI over COVID had to take it from home, so this was to offset housing, books, and meal costs. However, at FSI in-person, there are 3-meals a day provided, a dorm room, and all educational resources covered. You are getting PAID to get taught two separate courses, which furthers your own educational career. Princeton is an educational institution, not a full-time job. Their focus is not to make you wealthy, it's to educate you. Be grateful about this, many FLI students have to pay and go into debt for such an experience.

Going further, the user also made this comment (here is an excerpt):

"THE ONLY REASON PEOPLE COME HERE IS THE FUCKING MONEY... WHY DOES EVERY . FUCKING. OTHER. IVY. CARE FOR THEIR FUCKING STUDENTS."

I genuinely don't understand this point. Princeton is marketed as an educational institution, and I would wager a larger part of the fame of Princeton is around the ideals and education than the money (although I do not discredit the large endowment to student ratio is beneficial to the educational opportunities). An educational institution's job is to educate you, not pay you a full-time wage to go to the school. I can't really understand the privileged position this person is in, as they feel entitled to such an experience. I will say this as a matter of fact, NO school is going to give you the experience you seek. At MIT, at Yale, at any other school you will not be catered too as if you are some expensive commodity. They are giving you the opportunity of upward mobility, do you not see this?

Sorry for the long message all, but I thought I ought to publicly address some of this person's comments to give a full perspective to any other FGLI student who intend to come here. This person's experience is NOT representative of the truth. I am an FGLI student, I applied through Questbridge, and my experience as Princeton is not perfect. However, Princeton's FGLI resources have provided me the opportunity to be on a level playing field with students with significantly more preparation than I. I went to a school where they did not even teach Calculus, but I am able to go through the Physics curriculum because FSI gave me a head start.

And one could argue that if to utilize these resources I must sacrifice my mental health due to difficulty to gain access to these resources / terrible staff, I would understand. However, this is not the case at Princeton. The staff at the Emma Bloomberg Center for Access and Inclusion (EBCAO) are some of the best people I have met in my entire life, and they will go leaps and bounds to make sure you have everything you want.

However, there is a difference between being an FGLI student who needs to lean on EBCAO for support, and someone who feels entitled to it all. This student does, and their actions and posts point to this. Do not trust what they say.  


Edit: GrammarCould someone please explain the B.S.E program and the benefits it holds as opposed to a regular bachelor’s degree?I'm an incoming grad student and I still haven't gotten my housing offer. Has anyone gotten theirs?Im looking to take a sublet for my summer intership, female masters student. Looking to rent from roughly june 23rd to aug 15th tentatively.Incoming freshman here - I found one from 2011 but was trying to find a list from more recent years, especially after COVID.Hi I'm 25, male from the Princeton area and I'm looking to co-work /study at the library or cafe with anyone else who might be available any times from 1pm to 5pm weekdays or weekends. 

Summer can be a lonely time on campus so I figured it would be make sense to post this

About me: I'm into technology and business growth. I like listening to podcast about venture capital and artificial intelligence. Self driving cars and other technological developments. I also enjoy nature a lot and do a fair amount of nature trails. Aside from that I have really just been exploring my home state of New Jersey a lot more as of late. Finding the hidden gems in the state is kind of fun like really good restaurants and unique stores

I'm relatively extroverted and rather calm. Also in the process of making a technology social group where we share cool articles and discuss them in person and online. I like to build things especially things that bring people together. Have already had a decent amount of success with this and will continue to do it. I also have a pretty large network of friends already and would be happy to include you in some of the things we do if we vibe together. DM me if you want and we can talk a bit and exchange social mediaI'm an incoming freshman at Princeton. I learned to play ice hockey in high school and got pretty okay at it. I was always just on my school's JV team but I really liked the sport and wanted to continue it in college. Obviously I'm not good enough to play on the actual hockey team but I was wondering if I could still play at a lower level? Is there a women's/co-ed intramural or club team? I know there's a club hockey team, and their Campus Recreation webpage says they take all ability levels, but their website makes it seem like they're pretty high level and a men's team. Also, how time-consuming are club sports/intramurals in general?I'm going to be in Princeton for a semester, and I wonder if there is a platform (Facebook group etc.) where people can buy and sell secondhand objects, I'm thinking about bedsheets, clothes, furniture etc., (also I'd love to have a mini fridge in my room!) I think it doesn't make much sense for me to buy these things only to get rid of them after a semester. I'd be glad if someone knows something!Hi!

I have to move to Princeton in like a week for a summer internship and I still haven't found a place to live! So if you know anybody that's got an empty room this summer, please let me know. I'm clean and friendly and I don't have any pets. 

Really looking forward to my summer in Princeton, btw!Hey everyone, I’m trying to sell some tickets for The Weeknd concert at MetLife Stadium on July 16. I have 6 tickets that I’m tryna sell and am able to send them over through Ticketmaster. Message me if interested.
Thanks!hello! i'm heading to pt in the fall (class of '26) and applied as an orfe major. I've always liked math and want to go into finance but i have very little experience with math competitions/cos. 

in high school, i was super business orientated. i made 501c3 and did lots of debate but i'm super nervous i can't handle the level of math. btw i'm taking mv calc and diff eq right now.  

any advice on any books/study material/gen advice is appreciated!!If anyone happened to be around East Pyne Hall on Saturday 5/21 evening (at 8pm) and witnessed a guy (me) proposing to his then-girlfriend (it was an Indian proposal, if it helps), I'd sincerely appreciate any videos or pictures you'd be able to send me! Or even forward this to anyone you know who was there. I have some photos, but was so wrapped up in the moment that I didn't think to ask if anyone who was around happened to take a video.   


I realize it's a long shot, but figured it wouldn't hurt to try. If you could spread the word that I'm looking, would also appreciate that! 

  
Btw, it turned out great! My now-fiancé & I are ecstatic :)I'm shopping around for a new laptop. The biggest factor for me is software compatibility with course curriculums. What are some recommendations?Hello Princeton community!

I am an incoming intern for the summer of 2022. I will be doing some work at the GFDL, and I can't wait to immerse myself in the Princeton community. First, some logistics: 

\- I will be staying from June 13th - August 6th.

\- I will have a vehicle on campus

\- Will be staying in the "Joline" dorms

\- Will be on some kind of meal plan 

\- Will have a good amount of free time on the weekends!

I just wanted to consult with you all to see if I could get any "insider" information about Princeton. What are some things that I should totally do before I move out in August? Any tips for the best places to study? Are there any events on the weekend that I should keep my eye out for? In short, what should an 8-week summer intern know about Princeton University? 

&#x200B;

Thanks!Any high school opportunities for non-US citizens in Princeton in astronomy and astrophysics? Thank you!
I adore Princeton and the community. Glad mediums like reddit exist to connect with it :)I can meet up in person, I’m on campus! I will buy each ticket for $20I'm doing an exchange at Princeton next semester. I've been asked to choose between residential college and upperclassman housing. Is there a price difference? Which option do you recommend and why? Is it possible to get access to the kitchen? (PS: I have already read all the information I could find on the Princeton website)anyone know who's performing when/where? still can't shake that time FKJ played at terrace.I am doing an exchange at Princeton next semester. I have heard that if one selects upperclassman housing, there might be a kitchen, or not. Since I'm on a diet, I'd like to cook for myself at least half of the time. Is that possible? Also, I've heard about co-opts, how does that work? Can exchange students be part of a co-opt?I will be in the Princeton area for the summer and was wondering if there were any fun events or activities(intramurals) in the area! I also am turning 21 so any bar recommendations would be great as well.Princeton prefrosh here. The matriculation survey asks about cannabis and alcohol use. Would an honest answer reflect poorly? What is this used for?Summer Housing from June end to Aug end

Where to find summer housing in Princeton ?I'm a UMich student who's going up to Princeton for an internship over the summer so am looking to hopefully sublet an apartment from a current student. What platforms do Princeton students typically use to find subletters? Any recommendations??Currently looking at my clothes and study items and trying to get everything in shape so I can move with a couple of suitcases (starting in fall 22). Is there anything you wish someone has told you to bring? 

Thanks!What’re some must do’s at Princeton? I want to compile a list of things to do/see before I graduate. 

Aside from the Princeton website, where else can I get some merch?Title pretty much says it all, but the shows are gonna be at 9:30 Friday/Saturday. The opener is a hilarious dude named Sharief Johnson and these shows should be a good time!

To see if you might like my comedy, here's a clip from my hour special: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pbbpgu-BZHU&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pbbpgu-BZHU&feature=youtu.be)

And if you like that and wanna come out, [Here](https://www.ticketweb.com/venue/hyatt-regency-princeton-princeton-nj/44754) is a link for tix.

Also Redditors get a discount! If you call 781-568-1471 and mention the post on Reddit you'll get $5 off tickets. Lol there's no promo code because the club owner is old school  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯

Anyway, I'm pumped for the shows. If you come out please say hi after.  Thanks all!Hey y'all!

I'm a student at Michigan, and I'm going to be doing an internship at Johnson & Johnson over the summer. I was looking for housing around the Princeton area, and I was wondering if anyone here had any good resources for finding sublets, or if anyone has had any luck with any Facebook groups or stuff like that.

Any help is appreciated!!Hey all, I'm moving up from the south for graduate school in the fall and I was wondering about what type of car I should get for Princeton and NJ, generally.  I've been told by a few friends who have lived up North before that I need a four wheel/all wheel drive car because of the snow (I've never driven in snow!!) but was wondering what you all think, and whether it is necessary or not! Also if you all have any other cars recs for driving up North and in colder weather :) Thanks!I just got accepted to Princeton as a transfer today! (Yay) 

Are there any transfer students here that I could message about the credit evaluation? I have nearly 60 credits at a California community college, but I received my preliminary credit evaluation and they’re only accepting 3 courses. Can I appeal it and get it reevaluated? Thanks in advance guys!Incoming freshman here, I’ve done some stem cell research in high school and I was interested in continuing it in some capacity at Princeton. Does anyone know any stem cell/regenerative medicine research labs on campus? I’ve been trying to find one but haven’t been able to.Anyone receive an invitation to the FSI program yet? I know the deadline to accept the invitation is in May, but I’m not sure exactly when they send them out. I’m getting a little antsy and wanna know if they’ve already been sent out.Hello! I'm an alum and also a scholar who is doing research. If anyone is on campus, I'll pay them $100 to take photographs of 15 pages in the Mudd Library. I can prove that I'm a real person who exists and isn't doing a scam. Send me a direct message or comment below.Current freshman. I live about 90 minutes away from campus and I go home frequently, anywhere from 2 to 3 times a month. It's super troublesome to take public transport (takes twice as long) and I want to bring my car to princeton so I can drive back. However, I know that it is very rare for princeton to grant parking permits. Does anyone have any advice?I’m moving out later this week and live in Blair. I’m not sure where to have my parents park. I was thinking of the following options:

1) they could just pull up in front of the building like during move-in. They would have to drive up Elm Drive but I heard that access to Blair drive is limited
2) enter via Nassau but again I think that gate is always closed
3) park in Lot 8 or on University Place

I’d prefer option 1 due to the weight of some items but would they need a permit or could they enter campus from somewhere else besides Elm?
[Here](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7gEEjq18EsISqJNEHkldVw?si=EBPnv3TZQ8GZ62LwyI19iQ&dl_branch=1)

[Bonus](https://open.spotify.com/user/ahu76hsmxi3bvuadmghyj1n8m/playlist/5cYftgvXTUikczMq6HqQCQ?si=ot0ounEOQbaUapHsRPHkIg&dl_branch=1)

[Follow this artist](https://open.spotify.com/artist/2aA8615xM2SAgC5HpI5uiY) for access to the curated playlists on their page.Hello, 

I am an incoming graduate student and I am looking for backup housing (in case I get assigned a shared bedroom). Does anyone know of any affordable apartment complexes/areas where I could rent a 1-BR apartment at a reasonable price? I don't mind commuting. 

Thanks!Hello Princeton university goers. This is an odd request, but I have been searching the internet for months for an archive of a specific Korean television show and found that Princeton has an archive of the channel I'm looking for:  
[https://library.princeton.edu/news/eastasian/2018-10-08/mbc-archive-korean-television-archive](https://library.princeton.edu/news/eastasian/2018-10-08/mbc-archive-korean-television-archive)

If anyone is willing to download and send the files for the 500th episode of the TV show Wednesday Art Stage (수요예술무대) I would be extraordinarily grateful. If there is a better place to ask for this, please point me in that direction.Hey all, I hope everyone is well. I came across a thesis written by David Duchovny titled "The Schizophrenic Critique of Pure Reason in Beckett's Early Novels" and would look to get my hands on it. I found it on Princeton's DataSpace, but I couldn't access it as I am not a student there. If anyone can get the pdf and somehow share it, it'd be great!

Title: The Schizophrenic Critique of Pure Reason in Beckett's Early Novels  
Author: David Duchovny  
link: [https://dataspace.princeton.edu/handle/88435/dsp01qr46r235c](https://dataspace.princeton.edu/handle/88435/dsp01qr46r235c)

Thank you in advance.Hello! 

I was recently accepted into pt and will be joining the class of '26. I've been studying up on APs but I'm not sure which ones I need to take/give me credit. 

Does anyone know the difference between units of credit vs princeton courses replaced? I got a 5 in AP US History but what does "one unit of AP" give me? I'm considering taking the European history test this Friday but unsure if it means anything? 

btw I'm planning to study in the engineering department. idk if that helps

[https:\/\/odoc.princeton.edu\/advancedplacement ](https://preview.redd.it/a7jxex94bbx81.png?width=767&format=png&auto=webp&s=024694c1831f803c382ed44d5d02648a70f329ec)