Any "Chance Me" or admissions related posts placed elsewhere will be removed. If you are a current student, and think that you could offer advice to someone considering Cornell, feel free to respond to some of the posts! Please only respond if you are qualified to do so. We will be checking through these regularly for spam.

I applied ED to A&S astrophysics major wit 4.3 and 1560 

Hi guys, can someone chance me (oos)?  

Applying RD to Arts & Sciences (CS/Statistical Sciences)  

Female, Asian-American, East Coast  

out of school - interned at a pretty reputable not for profit company for 3 summers (innovation/cybersec intern), volunteer writer for a nonprofit online news site (\~3-4 years), Indian classical dance (10 years)  

I've been told writing is one of my stronger suits (thankfully makes up for all my other weaknesses) and I wrote about my future career passions  

Idk man, you got a shot, so take it

**Rigor:** most rigorous course load available, self-studied two additional APs

What are my chances looking like for Cornell? I want to major in mathematics 🧮

Wdym yesterday? The decisions don't come out till 31st March, right? I'm so confused

Just got in yesterday. Never thought I’d make it this far and let my grades slip second semester. How low can I go before getting rescinded?

they are identical programs. if you are NYS resident it is most strategic to apply to CALS for less competitive admission and lower tuition.

Biometry is within CALS and Stats is within CAS, so if you do not have a preference of curriculum, you will theoretically have a higher chance if you apply CALS. Not to mention you will also get in-state tuition.

In the Why essay for CALS, should I focus on Stats or should I also mention biology/medicine-related experience or thoughts?

nope but definitely catered towards the CALS mission statement. I think I personally wrote abt my then-interest in medicine and math but I lowkey knew I wanted to do ds/finance lol

How do you do ds/finance in CALS? Do you double major or minor with Dyson?

1) Cornell only considers legacy status during early admissions.

2) Cornell does not give credit for APUSH.

CALS is test blind so you don't need to worry about studying for the PSAT/SAT

Thank you! I’m glad to know that they’re test blind in this scenario. My school requires a certain passing score for the ACT/SAT so I’m working towards that though unfortunately 💔

Can someone Chance Me? 💕

Program Area: Veterinary Science

GPA Unweighted: 3.810

GPA Weighted: 4.385

Class Rank: 58/442

Credits Left: 4.500

College Information

Planned Career: Mixed Animal Vet/Farmer

Life Hardships

Currently running three AP classes (Chem, Psych, Lang), and two more my senior year (Gov, Lit)

Honors have no real affect on my rate of passing but my school has an implemented veterinary program designed for college, (you enter much like entering for a major in college!) and provide a College and Career Ready diploma upon graduating

PSAT score was a 1130, but that was without studying at all lol, definitely projecting for a higher score

CS is definitely hard at GT but it’s not impossible. I would personally recommend Tech even as a current Cornell student because it’s kind of easier tbh than double majoring at Cornell.

Hello, I’m a prospective CALS student (‘26): Does double majoring in biometry & statistics AND information science sound manageable? I’m choosing between CS at Georgia Tech and CALS at Cornell. Thank you :)

Being a current student helps out

[deleted]

It means they are looking for you have taken four years of high school mathematics, with at least one of those years including some form of calculus. If your school did not offer calculus, admissions will be understanding. If you chose not to take calculus, your application will definitely not be favorable (unless there are extenuating circumstances).

I was informed by an advisor that pre-calculus does not count. However, your application will likely not be automatically rejected. Some courses are offered over the summer. I would look into that. It is possible that, if accepted, you could complete this before the fall semester.

I’m a bit confused. On the website ( https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate/admissions/ ) it says 4 units of mathematics including calculus are required from applicants. Does pre-calculus count? If not, will my application be automatically rejected since I haven’t taken calculus?

I think you should be fine, colleges usually give teachers some leeway with the deadlines. I had a similar issue with another college and still got in.

Can i minor in dance but major in physics(?)

I'm not sure about exact numbers but I know it would definitely be easier. About 10% of Cornell is international but only ~40 internationals are accepted with aid every year, so the large majority are not on aid.

Is it harder to get into Cornell CALS info sci major as an international student who does not require a financial aid compared to instate or oos applicant?

CORNELL TO question 

Hi! I just received my TO application for CALS. I am concerned because it says that we have to fill in new activities and employment. Are all of you putting new activities only or are you also using some of your high school ones?

How does Cornell rate transfer students from community colleges ?

I transferred to Cornell last Fall, and when I was working on the personal statement, I wrote about my potential educational and career paths beyond my time as an undergrad. I was partially interested in coming to Cornell to pursue academic research, so I wrote a bit about how that could lead to me attending grad school, to give you an example. To rephrase the personal statement the way I think it's meant to be interpreted: what do you want to do with your life after graduation?

The main essay was where I listed all my general reasons for wanting to attend, based primarily on the academic interests I had developed and the limitations of the school I previously attended.

Is this question meant to be pretty open-ended like a first-year app? I'm just not sure how to distinguish it from the other Cornell Essay Question:  

Tell us what you'd like to major in at Cornell, why or how your past academic or work >experience influenced your decision, and how transferring to Cornell would further your academic >interests.  

no and especially because transfers are processed after regular admissions

I stupidly waited until the last minute to submit a request to be sent for a college report to Cornell as a transfer. I wasn’t aware it took 2 weeks to process. Will it be an issue if my college report gets sent out 2 weeks after the deadline? Supposedly they won’t look at your application until they have that document.

Took my a second to figure out wtf Nolan was haha

Current UC Irvine freshman here. I am an econ major and want to transfer to Cornell my junior year fall. My GPA is around 3.8. Can someone who transferred to Cornell as an econ major or anyone who transferred here pls give me tips on what I can do?

[deleted]

If you can overcome seasonal depression then you’ll love Cornell

I'm a junior in highschool, looking to apply to Cornell. After a couple months on this subreddit it seems like people are mostly displeased with their experience at Cornell. Is this just typical complaining or should I rethink my plans to apply?

Not guaranteed technically anymore after an incident a couple years prior. However very very highly likely. She can study at any university Cornell accepts credits from. On her majors website she can see what courses she must take and which are recommended in order for it to stay valid and the grades she must maintain in them

Same questions here but for college of Ag

Hi,  a friend of mine got in to school of Human Ecology as Transfer option  at Cornell.  She applied for freshman year. 

1) does this mean that she has guaranteed admission to Cornell ? ( provided she meets GPA requirement )

2) Can she study at any local college in freshman year ? 

3) are there specific courses to be taken in freshman year local college to get to the transfer ?

[deleted]

The shift is night and day. I did minimal work at CC and had 4.0. At Cornell, I had several classes where I was thrilled to get a B while busting my ass. Think about the student demographics; CC is largely average to below average students (some exceptions of course), whereas at Cornell, the typical student is top 1 or 2 percentile. Re: class size, if you're coming in as a junior, you'll likely miss some of the giant classes that many frosh and soph take, but you'll still have some big ones as a junior and senior (this can vary widely by major though). The biggest difference you'll notice is the pace and the amount of work. Something that you might cover in 2 or 3 classes at CC, will be covered in one class at Cornell, and then it's on to the next thing. At CC, you may get about 5-7 hours per week for a "heavy" class; that's considered light at Cornell. I had a few 3 credit classes where I was spending about 15 hours average per week. To summarize: it's much more demanding and rigorous than CC, and hard work alone won't always cut it; you need to be pretty smart as well. Best of luck!

Any movement on the COE 2026 waiting list ?

Prospective Cornell Masters of Public Affairs student at CIPA with a concentration in Human Rights and a focus on state-building, human rights policy, and the prevention of political violence.

I am a rising senior at a prestigious New England liberal arts college studying Human Rights Studies and Political Science with a 3.8 GPA, Dean’s list every semester with a certificate in Health Humanities. Specialization in International Human Rights and Diplomacy. Research Interests include human rights legislation, genocide studies and prevention, peacekeeping projects, humanitarian aid, authoritarian regimes, and identifying political violence. Teaching Assistant, admissions representative, and community services pre-orientation leader. 

Living learning community (Secretary, Advertising Coordinator/Alumni Coordinator), Film Festival (Assistant Documentary Filmmaker), Literary Society (Vice President, Treasurer, and Historian), Habitat for Humanity (Vice President), Model United Nations (Treasurer), Amnesty International, Community Service Preorientation Leader,  Armenian Club, Starting Rugby Club Player, Student Government Senator for a few years. Training to be Volunteer firefighter in nearby town close to university. 

CURRENT Year long internship at US State Department (Supervisor is Cornell Alum) 

CURRENT Developing a Documentary about a civil right’s leader and musician’s life for her birthday this summer. 

CURRENT Conducting research on migration policy and storytelling with Diplomacy Graduate School in Boston.

Research assistant at University studying Peacekeeping Missions and environmental damages caused by military intervention.

Podcast producer and fellow working on an alumni podcast on university campus.

Production intern working in humanities and storytelling.

Digital ethnography fellow at Yale School of Public Health working on an online health clinic.

Conducted research with Yale SPH and University on semester long project studying shortcomings in HIV Care in Connecticut.

In terms of connections, I have made a ton of contact with the Admissions office and attended their in person open house. Connected with a few professors and discussed the possibility of forming a cooperation with SUNY Binghamton to bring more focus to genocide prevention, which is my focus academically. My supervisor at US State Department is an alumni and will be writing a recommendation.

Just chill. Or get a job and make some money

Congrats 🎉. Did you apply as a transfer student for Fall2022?

I got into the College of Engineering earlier this week... should I do anything over summer to prepare for the coursework? or just chill and have fun?

Summer: YYGS and SSP after 11th grade, Columbia precollege after 10th.

AMC math competition AIME qualified

Qualified for Physics Olympiad (passes fma exam, just to let you know physics Olympiad is one of the actual legit olympiads that are worth smt)

2 years START robotics

2 yearsCubeSat (NASA run engineering program for high schoolers)

2 years Guitar club founder and president

Varsity golf 4 years, captain 1 year

Ok, thanks so much :)

If you are in Dyson, you can request to double in a CALS major at any time [1]. If you are in CALS, you must request to double in AEM (Dyson) only during your freshman or sophomore year, and is not allowed for transfer students [2].

[1]

Is it harder for a CAS student to get approval for a double major in AEM than for a CALS student?

EDIT: I completely misread your question. If you are in CAS, you will probably not be allowed to double major in AEM since they are in different colleges (and concurrent degree is no longer available).

Dyson website: "Students with another major in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) may apply to double major in Applied Economics and Management (AEM)"

QUESTION

is it possible to major in an arts and sciences field and minor in a CALS field? Basically, it is possible for your major and minor to be from different schools?

Straight A minuses first semester of my junior year but counted as a 4.0 in my high school

Does Cornell admisisons mark me down for this?

It is certainly possible, as long as you keep a high GPA. The more difficult process will be getting the A&S versions of classes recognized for a Eng degree. You will get the best answers from the COE Internal Transfer page and FAQ:

I know someone who did this, I believe it took them 5 years to graduate instead of the usual 4. I can't remember if it was because they ended up double majoring in chem and cheme or if cheme requirements took an extra year to finish. Most cheme classes are offered fall only or spring only so the latter seems most likely.

How difficult is it to switch from Arts and Sciences to Engineering (chem to chemEng)?

I believe the fencing team recruits, not sure if they take walk-ons. either way, if you get in, I would contact the head coach to ask about walking on.

Cornell Fencing

Hello, I have recently submitted my application to Cornell. I am also a fencer and am interested in fencing in the case I attend Cornell. How do I indicate this to the school?

Thanks so much! I took a deeper look at the degree requirements and decided to do statistical science

Hi, I'm conflicted as to what school to apply to. In Cornell Engineering,  I'm thinking of applying bc of the ORIE and in Cornell CAS, I'm thinking of applying bc of the statistical science major. I don't really have a preference in the curriculum so is there a big difference between either and which would fit me more with my interests in applied math/stats/data science?

If you are a junior, I hope you get some calculus experience before graduation (high school, community college course, self study, etc). While CAS requires that 3 units of math are completed, COE "requires" 4 units where one of which is calculus. (Requires is in quotes since it is not something you will be immediately rejected over in a situation where your school does not offer calculus).

Regardless of school, CS wants to see both rigor and excellence in mathematics so unless you are failing, I would recommended trying to stick through honors.

Sorry about the confusion as of now I am a junior in high school, and as for calculus I'm taking pre calculus next year since I started with algebra 1 and not geometry in my freshmen year. Overall I will have 4 years of math but it wouldn't include calculus(my school offers it I just can't take it since I need pre calc), although I have been looking into ways that I can speed it up via a summer course to take calculus in my senior year.

Definitely take precalc this summer, try your local community college maybe and check with your counselor if they would accept that. If your school offers calculus and you don't take I'm pretty sure it puts you at a very big disadvantage.

Hi I want to go into Cornell for computer science and I am currently a junior, I have never taken any low level classes and in my three years of highschool I have taken every AP and Honor class there is but, algebra 2 is really beating me down, would it hinder me heavily if I did regents alg 2? I know there are many factors but this is something i'm unsure of.

one of my friends who majored in government got to do a whole semester in washington to work as an intern and study. I think the actual program is Called Cornell in Washington. he also was placed directly into an internship with the city of ithaca...so most of it is really just networking and job experience from what i've personally heard

Besides research what beyond the classroom opportunities are there for sociology/government majors?

Hd and psych are still separate majors so while as an hd major you have access to the psych classes (as with any other department in any other class) they wont necessarily count towards the hd major requirements.

Just letting you know, dual enrollment courses do not transfer over to Cornell.

Typically, dual enrollment refers to college courses taken to satisfy high school requirements. If you took these classes at the same time as high school but not for graduation, they may be eligible for credit (given some other criteria are met).

Im a hispanic white male

Intended major: Animal Science

My Unweighted GPA is 3.615

My weighted GPA is 4.985

Graduated top 6% of my class

2018

1. Worked at the supermarket chain Publix for a year

3. Worked as a Conservation Teen Scientist at miami zoo, basically informing the public about current conservation efforts for zoo animals and fun facts about them

4. Shadowing my veterinarian cousin for about 4 months 

5. Volunteering at a wildlife rescue for 4 months, one of which spent in the wildlife vet hospital

7. Studying to take and pass the Florida Falconry exam to hopefully be able to take in birds of prey one day

I have taken 13 Ap classes, 6 Honors classes, 3 normal classes and the rest dual enrollment classes where I have my associates degree from Miami Dade College (a community college)

I wrote my personal statement on my deaf parents and how I found music, wrote my supplemental on how I aspire to be a wildlife veterinarian 

I have a few questions:

3. If not, any idea when they notify people?

Whaaat??? That's incredible, congrats and good luck! 🤞😋 I'm also a transfer applicant, second letter of recommendation was submitted yesterday. How long after your application was completed did you get this letter?

 Has anyone received a likely letter as a transfer student?

Thank you! :)

|-|-|-|-|

I unfortunately got rejected, but will be applying to transfer next year for sure. 😭😭

I'm looking to apply to Dyson as an International student.

Background: Female, not applying for fin-aid. No hooks.

Did 2 years of in-person learning and 2 years of virtual due to COVID.

Stats: No APs offered due to COVID, self-studied exams and got an AP Scholar Award

Assistant coordinator for national tutoring program

Took part in USDoS Youth Program that selects <20 people in the country

Chaired 2 large fundraising events that raised $18000+ in total

Research assistant at local university + through another program

Varsity badminton 2 years

All sports were discontinued to due COVID. No Dual enrollment, IB, etc available.

GPA: 92/100. Rank unspecified.

Major: Biometry & Statistics (CALS)

I know most of my ECs don’t directly relate to math and science, but that’s because I want to become a lawyer, and I love math (law schools accept any major). My supplemental focused on my passion for math and how I would hopefully use my degree at Cornell to thrive in law school and as a lawyer. 

Im visiting Cornell mid April for the admitted students event. Is there anything I should know/prepare for? I come from the tropics so advice on what to wear is welcomed

What does TO mean???

Advice for transferring to Cornell?

Hi there, I got rejected ED to CAS probably in part for not taking my college applications seriously enough. After that I pretty much decided that I would try to transfer to Cornell my freshman year of high school. Recently I got into a top 3 liberal arts college not in New England (thou shall not be explicitly named) but I am still very determined to try and end up in Ithaca. I was wondering if it matters what institution I will be transferring \*from\*? Does it matter what calibre school I previously attend? Will it make the reasons for applying to Cornell (which I have surmised are very important in the application process) weaker/will they like it because its a good school? I could also go to a place like Fordham fwiw.

Has anyone else transferred to Cornell from a LAC?

Thanks if you respond, sorry if this post reads like gibberish

Hey, I am sorry to be so annoying! Could somebody chance me? I am having a meltdown about decisions coming out next week 😍

~GPA: 4.0 Unweighted and 4.508 Weighted (7/260)

~ ACT: 33 and 10 on Writing

~ I am out of state and applied to CALS for Environmental Studies.

~ On my midyear report, I  had 13 AP classes and 4 AICE classes which are kind of similar to AP, but a little easier.

To any sophomore transfers into Cornell CAS or Engineering with a bad high school GPA, what did you guys do to pad you resume freshman year of highschool and do you have any tips for me. I regret not taking high-school as seriously as I should’ve and ended up with a pretty bad GPA. Any advice would be appreciated

They start coming out ~3rd week of April and are typically sent out every Tuesday until as late as June. From my experience, a TO acceptance is more or less guaranteed if all requirements are met. All of the TO applicants I know that met all requirements and didn’t get accepted were in HumEc

It's totally fine to join in sophomore year. That's more than I did (I didn't do any sports at all), so don't worry.

I have a question about sports in admissions.

I’m a current freshman and am involved in marching band, concert band, a community service club, art competitions + classes, and science activities. I want to beef up my application a bit so I can make it into possibly Cornell in the future. I wanted to join a sport this year but didn’t feel ready. Next year I would love to join track or cross country with my friend. I have no prior sports experience but I like running. I’m not just joining because it will look good but I also want to be more active.

My plan is to do track/cross country until senior year. Will it look weird if I join sophomore and not freshman year and will that negatively affect the admissions process? I’m worried that I’m lacking in my freshman year compared to others who are doing sports currently.

Chance me! Prospective junior transfer into mechanical engineering here. I'm currently a freshman at my state school with a 3.8 GPA that will probably end up being a 3.9 by the end of this semester. I'm concerned because I blew off my first year and took half music classes (I'm an avid jazz pianist/vocalist), but I have enough AP credit to still be roughly on track. High school was really rough for me, as I got kicked out of the house during my junior year and ended up taking a part time job while living in a rental basement. I ended up skipping senior year, but had to take 5 online courses in 6 weeks because some credits didn't transfer. I ended with a 3.2 unweighted GPA.

I was diagnosed with PTSD sometime during my HS junior year, and have been struggling severely with it. I had to drop two classes (both part of my major) this semester, which officially made me a part-time student, because I realized that I was completely neglecting my mental health and propelling myself towards burnout. Instead, I'm spending my time pursuing my passions (music dev for an indie game) and volunteering for Breaking Code Silence, a nonprofit organization dedicated to taking down the very systems that caused my trauma. I'm really taking the time to better myself, but I'm afraid that this part time semester will look bad on a transfer application. My grades are great, but I also haven't participated in any research...

I do have a 36 composite ACT though, so there's that.

The only major preparation I've really completed so far is Calc III, chemistry, and an introduction to engineering course. After this semester I'll also have Statics and Physics E&M under my belt. I'm planning on taking Linear Algebra and Dynamics over the summer. Next year I'll (hopefully) take a basic coding class, physics III (optics and relativity stuff), intro to circuits, differential equations, material science, computational methods, mechanics of solids, and a CAD course. I'm hoping that I'll be ok if I can demonstrate that my part-time semester helped me become a healthier person capable of taking on heavier coursework.

I'm interested in transferring to Cornell because I want to go into mechatronics, and that robotics minor looks spot on for what I want to study. My current school doesn't offer a robotics OR mechatronics minor, so I'm doing an electrical engineering minor since it's the next best thing.

hi! I am looking to apply to Cornell in the fall but the one thing that is holding me back from ED is the college life and weather. I tend to dislike the cold a little bit more and I enjoy going out to cities and towns with my friends. Cornell is often described to me as a place with not a lot to do and very cold. So, how really is the college life there? Are there a lot things to do? thanks in advance :,)

Question about transition from HS to Cornell:

Does Cornell have placement exams you have to take, or do AP and IB credits work fine? I feel like I’m missing something.

0 Chance, 1370 unless you have a crazy link to Cornell (generations of legacy, donor parents etc) is an auto-reject score.

What are my chances if:

Have a 1150 SAT —> I will hopefully increase this to 1370 on my next attempt through my studying for math 

Courseload: all maxed out with AP comp sci A , APUSH, AP world, AP Psychology self studied, with next year senior year having AP music theory, AP bio or AP chem I’m not sure yet

Extracurriculars: not many which is what I’m worried about, president of coding club for a short period after some time we stopped doing it, National honors society member, Varsity winter track , Varsity spring track, and Cross country at one point, due to Covid I was limited back in freshmen and partially sophomore year trying to make up for it now, this summer I plan to do lots of volunteer work in a hospital or community service. I also plan to build up many programming projects to add on my application. 

I want to major in biology (interested in dentistry) or computer science (software engineering) anything I can do in this summer to increase my odds or help with my lack of extracurriculars? Thanks 

Also unweighted GPA is 96%

Background: I’m part Egyptian and part Pakistani I live in NY, not the first generation in my family to go to college.

What’s the longest time someone has waited for the Cornell waitlist? Submitted my loci for CAS on May 3rd and I fear it was too late :(

Nah, you don’t need standardized test scores for transfers

I am looking to transfer to Cornell in Fall 2023, and I currently go to ECU. Is it recommended that I take the SAT or ACT?

Anyone got the transfer option? kinda confused rn

Prospective student here. Am soon going to be studying at my local university, the University of Melbourne. I was wondering if international transfers to Cornell are harder than local US transfers? i.e. from NYU → Cornell, or is the general transfers rate the same.

Hi everyone, I am a college freshman and I was admitted to CALS Information Science as a transfer student. I wonder how hard it would be for me to internal transfer from CALS Information Science to CoE Computer Science. 

Besides, I've already taken discrete structure and cal II from my current university, which corresponds to CS 2800 and Math 1120 at Cornell. Should I take these courses again at Cornell since I noticed on the website it says "Note that only grades from courses taken at Cornell are considered in affiliation computations."

If you have a low gpa, Cornell would want to see a high SAT score to make up for it. 1500 might not be high enough

kind of a chance me kind of not, I just feel so paranoid about my application for sha because my gpa was a 3.7 (90) our school doesn't do uw. I do go to one of the specialized high schools in NYC (bxsci) and took aps and college courses but I'm super scared I wont get in because of my gpa. I have confidence in my ecs, writing, reccs, and sat (1500) but its just my academics that are like making me feel like I won't get in :(( are there any current or previous hotelies who could explain what the general qualifications for sha are?

There's no set number, but it's an expectation that you're taking a more rigorous and challenging courseload that's offered by your school. Some people's schools don't have AP or only offer a low number. I took 11, and I have friends that took 0 (no APs or IB offer at their school, but still was rigorous)

since you didn’t qualify for usapho getting into cornell will be tough

This is  insane

u sweaty mf

huh this is a joke right idk

Haha thanks

:( not a joke

sorry ig

yea but im an indian male

Hi can someone please chance me for Cornell Engineering? Indian male from northeast US 1550 SAT, 5s on 9 APs + AB Subscore, 3.96/4, 4.84/5.00 GPA, dual enrolled at 1 of hypsm, paid swe intern at faang, cs npo w 3k+ students and state news recognition, #2 rank in state hs wing of major us political party, on board of another education npo with 20k+ raised, ran hackathon with \~3k participants, selected for science honors program at columbia, officer of 4 different clubs varying in subject from cs, community service, to social sciences; legislative intern for state senator; usaco gold, aime qualifier. Thanks!

1/2/2022

Does the deadline date mean due before  1/1/2022 11:59 pm  

Or 

Does it mean due before 1/2/2022 11:59pm

hi I’m sophomore in highschool does someone in Cornell is willing to do tutoring sat???

barely any parties outside of greek life, people are not really happy and very stressed here. honestly if ur not super into hospitality i wouldn't recommend coming (Hotel '24)

Got in on the same day. I feel the exact same as you. I also applied to Harvard so I'm just waiting for April, 6th with no expectation.

Hi!! I just got in too but I was not expecting to get in. I’m the opposite, I love management and food service. I was wondering if I could ask u a couple of questions about the environment and course rigor? I have no idea how I got accepted I’m such a an average student haha

Got into SHA yesterday. Sort of applied because it was the easy way in. I have work experience in restaurants and enjoyed doing that. Thought, hell, I’ll apply. Wrote my supplemental essay about starting a brewery which is definitely something that I have thought about doing in the future. I just don’t know if I want to spend four years of college majoring in something so boring. I don’t give a shit about hotels. I’m kind of stuck taking business courses and I wish I had more time for social sciences. And then I’m stuck in one industry for the rest of my life rather than getting a versatile degree like economics and actually working in the hospitality industry if that’s the direction I decide I want to go in. Entrepreneurship specialty would be great though. Not a huge fan of the business-dress Fridays though. Whole thing seems awfully professional for a college experience. I think that’s what they’re going for, just don’t know how to feel about it. Fine beer and wine class would also be dope though. Any thoughts would be appreciated.

No, you just take classes.

How does affiliating majors work for CS. Do I have to write essays?

If you know you want to be engineering for sure, I would recommend applying directly to engineering because it is one of the harder schools to transfer into, and you don't want to get stuck in A&S if that is for sure what you don't want to do.

Math, CS, and hard science majors like Physics, Chem, Bio are offered in Arts and Sciences. So if you get in for history or humanities you can easily switch to those majors.

Switching to the engineering college is another matter, but you don't necessarily need to do it to pursue stem

Because of this, I've spent my high school career building my extracurriculars around poetry, debate, and philosophy, so instead of making engineering my intended major (even though I have nothing related to that field what-so-ever), I'm thinking of applying under "undecided" or political science, then transferring.

I know Cornell ranks very high in engineering, so I was wondering how easy it is to transfer from a humanities major to an engineering one. Also, if I apply undecided, would I have an easier chance of transferring?

3.4 gpa (weighted, out of 6) 

what are my chances? i am applying for ILR

I'd be more than happy to read it :)

Masters student in MAE here. My old roommate and I both studied mechanical engineering in undergrad at cornell. He went to columbia for grad school and I stayed in ithaca. We have compared experiences a lot throughout last semester and this is what we discussed:

Keep in mind this is for grad school, but I imagine the trend is similar for undergrad comparisons. Also, my friend did not stay in mechE when he ditched for columbia (still engineering though).

Cornell Engineering vs Columbia Engineering

intro, body paragraphs, conclusion xD

What program are you applying to?

Hi, I'm applying to College of Human Ecology, and I have no idea how to structure my essay. Can someone in the college, please help me? It's urgent.

Hmm not super sure but I'd say pretty selective! There are like 35 other kids with me. But again, it’s a stem thing and I wanna do a more humanities major so idrk. What are you thoughts about my overall chances tho?

[deleted]

Demographics: Male , Black/African, Texas , Private ( < 200 class size), and hooks (URM, First in Family to apply to schools in US)

UW/W GPA and Rank: 3.89 basically a 3.9 my school doesn't rank

(Took AP classes but never tests because they were too expensive for my family)

AP Psychology

AP Biology (No AP Chem)

AP Statistics

AP Calc AB (highest level of math at school)

Secondary Author on Research with college professor on Public Policy

Non-Submitted Research Internship with Local College Professor on Real Estate

Podcast on Music and Business

Working on Clothing Line

I'm just so confused, because on the CALS website, it shows Applied Economics, Applied Economics and Management, Environmental, Energy & Resource Economics as major options for undergraduates, but those options do not show up on Common App.  

Apologies if my post is a little unclear. Basically my question is: If I am accepted into CALS, is it relatively easy to study economics/business though a double major with Dyson/SC college of business?

2. You can take data science courses as a stats major (or any major for that matter), but InfoSci offers a specific concentration in data science. (Majoring in CS / InfoSci will give you priority access to the higher level CS / InfoSci classes. This is extremely important since they fill up very quickly and can be difficult to get into due to high demand.)

^^this but to your 2nd point stat/btry majors are now CIS students so same priority enrollment as info/cs

Hi, I'm applying to Cornell this year and wanted to know the difference between the statistical science major and the biometric and stats major, as well as which one (or any other) you'd recommend for a career in Data Science/ ML.

InfoSci is offered in A&S and CALS. The graduation requirements for InfoSci in CALS includes 18 credits of Life Sciences, of which 6 credits must be Intro 

Bio and at least 3 credits must be Chem or Phys. So yes, you can certainly do InfoSci with a bunch of Bio.

The basic stats class at my college is equivalent to an AP Stats class where all the content is outdated and taught wrong. I like statistics, but I don't want to take a class where all the principles are irrelevant to classes further down the line if that makes sense

applying for transfer fall 2022. I am currently a CS major and biochem minor at the school I currently go to, but I'd ideally be a Biometry major at Cornell. I noticed that applicants need to have taken a stats class which I have not done here. I mean, I could, but the problem is that I'd have to take on extra credits next semester or drop a class I wanted to do for my minor.  I don't want to do this though– if Cornell denies me then I'll continue having to take this stupid class I don't really care about.

OTOH, I did notice that I have most of the classes done for InfoSci done. Should I just apply for InfoSci instead? Can InfoSci majors have biology centered classes sort of like Biometry majors do? Or should I just suck it up and take the basic stats class next semester?

For admissions, you must have taken 3 courses in the sciences. Additional units of advanced mathematics and science (including biology, chemistry, and physics) are highly recommended but not required. From an applications perspective, assume you will be completing against students that taken high level science courses (AP / IB / etc.).

While you are in Dyson, you will have to take two introductory biology / life sciences courses to fulfill you distribution requirements. You must also take at least one course in physics or chemistry, and another course in any physical or life science. Basically, you can get away with only having to take two biology courses while at Cornell.

For the three course in science, i have a general studies in science 10, chem 12, and chem ap but I’m not sure if that’ll count for the courses required.

Oh thanks! I’m just wondering in terms of applications if I’m applying to dyson and possibly double majoring in global development, if not having any biology courses will hurt me.

I’m planning on applying to Dyson AEM and CALS Global Development and was wondering if not having a background in biology would hurt me. My counselor is worried that since Dyson is originally from the agriculture and life science school, that there would be overlaps that require biology.

Hi, Im planning to apply as an undergraduate to the college of Engineering for CS. I didn't take any APs because my school is British and doesn't offer any. I do have gce A level grades tho:

Will I be rejected if I apply for the school of engineering? I've written all my supplementals already and really want to get into Cornell.

> The director and faculty selection committee will review application materials and a select group of applicants will be ​contacted in March and invited to schedule an interview. Interviews of Milstein finalists will be conducted either virtually or in person during April, and decisions will be released to interviewees prior to May 1. Only those applicants offered an interview will be notified in the spring. Non-finalists will not be contacted.

I'm not sure if it's a completely separate process that has no influence on getting accepted regularly (for context, which I'm indicating that I'm interested in the College of Arts and Sciences for biology).

> I don't really have any engineering extracurriculars.

[deleted]

So I am getting my interview this week and I am afraid of being asked the infamous question, “Why Cornell?” 

I am applying for biomedical engineering btw so how do I approach this? 

If you are in CAS, you definitely have the room to take BIONB classes and obtain the background relevant for doing research.

[deleted]

Lots of classes have group (or partner) projects. CS 2110/2112, 3110, 3410, 4300, 4410, 4670, 4740, 4780 are all classes I took that involved collaborative projects/homeworks (so almost every single CS class I took at Cornell)

Some project teams (not all) are competitive to get into, but to be fair, this aspect isn't unique to Cornell. My friends at UIUC had to apply to get into project teams, business frats, and other similar types of pre-professional clubs. Once you get in, it's pretty collaborative. 

[deleted]

What college do I apply to?

Currently stuck between applying to engineering, AS, and CALS. I have a loose interest in engineering and want to minor in business or statistics. I am in advanced physics and math courses but I don’t have the best calc Bc grade. My extracurriculars aren’t really science based or engineering specific and have a lot more to do with writing but I did data science research with a mentor. As a female I heard my chances are better for engineering but I still don’t know which one would be the best for me in terms of admissions and academic freedom. 

A) Major: CS (in CAS or COE), IS (in CAS or CALS), ISST (in COE); Minor: Business, DBME \[Dyson Business Minor for Engineers\]

B) Major 1: IS (CALS); Major 2: Applied Economics (CALS) (same as last part of post)

C) Major: Economics (CAS); Minor: CS

Another major you might want to consider is ORIE in the college of engineering (maybe combined with a CS minor) since ORIE has a lot of the stats/data science/machine learning classes as well classes that focus on applications in business and finance specifically.

One option is (if got admitted to ILR) to do CS minor along with ILR. However I do not have any ECs to talk about Labor (other than hiring for my non-profits or volunteer for my local congressman) or law or workers.

Other option is to apply for CALS IS and then try to do double major in business economics but this option will be more competitive to get in than ILR one.

Hi, I’m a prospective student applying for Architecture undergrad and during my rush to complete my applications I forgot to sign up for an interview (which is apparently necessary for the Architecture program). I know there’s the essay option available but believe that having an actual interview would be a lot more beneficial. Please, is there any way to schedule an interview after Dec 17? Thank you in advance for any alumni who read this, Cornell is one if not my top school and I feel like I’ve lost any chance of getting in.

Is Cornell AEM still at a 3% acceptance rate?

The Biological Engineering (BE) major is offered by both CALS and COE. The Biological Sciences (Bio) major is offered by both CAS and CALS. If happen to be in CALS, you can double major in Bio and BE. Double majors must be within the same college. If you are planning to major in Bio in CAS, you cannot double major in BE but you may minor in BE. (Note: Cornell has discontinued the dual degree program)

I read on the University's website that I could enroll in biological engineering before the end of my sophomore year. My question is : can I major in biological engineering while already majoring in biological sciences ?

Cornell will look at your score if you self reported on Common App or submitted a score report College Board.

Accepted CS class of 26 ED and submitted my 1460. Checking with some random stats I believe with a 700 eng and 760 math I was exactly in the 50th percentile for engineering school. Idk enough to say if you should or shouldn’t but it worked for me.

I think you should submit your SAT if possible. Also, admissions are by college and not major so you will be comparing against either CAS or COE.

2025 Class Profile:  

hey thank you for that! I have slightly better scores than you, a 34 on the ACT but my ecs are a little bit less. I have just been doing some coding projects on the side and i’m in NHS right now. Also made international for DECA. I have also leadership in some tutoring firm. What do you think i could do to get my ecs up? I also had a job for 9 months during school( leadership position at a restaurant )

I can’t really say sorry, it’s not something I focused on a lot and was one of the things I was worried about when I applied.

facts, i lead Bible studies weekly with groups from like 5-15 people, could I put that?

A 1450 is the 25th percentile for the Cornell Class of 2025. Given that you are a sophomore, your past two years of academics will be more relevant than the SAT and its fine not to send that score. Also just looking at your GPA, you should be fine getting into Cornell for ECE.

Apparently only around 30 students are accepted throughout all engineering majors for transfers

Looking for advice for engineering transfers. I am a sophomore at UIUC with a 3.97 GPA in computer engineering looking to transfer into Cornell next fall as a junior. Any tips would be appreciated. Did anyone who successfully transferred include their SAT on their application? I didn't do too well (1450) so I was wondering if I should include it as they say it's not expected.

Look for the list of clubs and organizations at Cornell. There's a lot of martial arts clubs, though I'm not sure about specific disciplines.

I am Indian. I am currently a Sophomore. I currently won't be focusing on SAT and AP exams because I am busy with my School Exams. I want to take up Biomedical Engineering. The only solid EC I have done is Shotokan Karate\[Dan I Black Belt\] I have won 3rd place 4 times and 2nd place 3 times in nationals. Is Shotokan Karate there in Cornell?

i think m.eng is meant to prepare you for industry so i don't think it's exactly expected to have a lot of prior outside school experience. but that's just what i sorta gathered from info sessions i did not actually apply to an m.eng.

Hello! I am currently an undergraduate junior major in computer engineering in the University at Buffalo w/ a 3.9/4.0 GPA. I decide to apply to Cornell's ECE M.Eng next year. Due to the covid pandemic, I have no internship experiences. But I have a few research experiences. What are my chances?

Sometime in late March/early April!

then why did u mention Asian Indian?

cuz affirmative action screws asians 😂

do you HAVE to mention in your Application? I am 10th grade so IDK

yes it’s pretty obvious if ur lying

that sounds racist of US Colleges bitchhhhh

3. Taekwondo Black Belt

1. Worked in Kaiser’s “No one Dies Alone” program to help provide end of life care to patients

2. Research Assistant for Drug abuse research

3. Shadowed Doctors

4. Wrote and published a review article about insomnia/stress-sleep

5. Coached a middle school science olympiad team for medical science competition 

9. 4 years of basketball 

GRAD SCHOOL - Anyone at or has knowledge of the MS in Applied Economics and Management (AEM), how is the program for someone strongly considering a PhD afterwards? And how does the PhD track work?

College of human ecology has only 7 majors iirc which makes it less desirable than A&S which offers at least 60 majors. So less major flexibility in college of human ecology. But if you are absolutely sure you want to major in that area, ED to HumEc will boost your acceptance rate a lot. I think there’s a spreadsheet someone made on this subreddit that said ED HumEc acceptance rate was north of 40%?

I'm interested in Psychology. I would love to major in Psyc. or Human Development.  

College of Arts & Science people--how come there is a musical supplemental? Should I submit my supplemental even if my major isn't in relation to music? I play Bb Clarinet, Violin, & participate in vocal ensemble. (Music supplemental is optional)

Would my chances of being accepted be affected by not submitting my SAT/ACT/Other test scores? I would be applying 2023, Cornell has prolongated that extension to 2023 (current HS Jnr.)

Would an ipad pro be enough for an econ major in A&S?

Hi! I am going be a engineering major and I am asking for tech recommendations. I am going to be getting an iPad Pro with the keyboard and I was wondering if I will need a lap top as well. I really don’t know what programs I will end up needing so I was wondering if my iPad will be enough. Thanks!

Demographics:

* Female

* Asian American (Thai, white, native american)

M.Eng in CS

Background:

Undergraduate:

* Old Dominion University - Dual degree in Cybersecurity and Cybercrime with minor in Information Systems and Technology, completed a semester early

* GPA: 2.29

* 3 semesters of research in privilege escalation in android devices

* 2 semesters of tutoring in intro to CS 1 & 2 and IT

* Almost 2 years of full time internship in cyber security

* Participated in cybersecurity competitions like Cyber 9/12 and cyber fasttrack

Graduate:

* George Washington University - Masters in Cybersecurity Policy and Compliance, completed in a year, no thesis

* GPA: 3.04

* Working full time job as a contractor, no cyber work at this job

LoR:

* head advisor/professor from cybersecurity department at undergrad university

* Freshman year advisor for cybersecurity department at undergrad university

* Coworker from internship

* Boss at current job

if by an chance someone is actually reading this read, I will like to add one more question. I switched schools after my junior year of high school I went from a private boarding school to a public school and my teachers have assured me that none has ever even applied out side the city from my present high school and that can also be verified that I had to manually enter the name of my school in the application.  Will this negatively affect my application as due to this switch the number of debates and events that I could partake in decreased exponentially as my present high school does not provide any opportunities. Does the admission team reject application from small towns and public schools in favor of students from prestigious institutions in the west

2. South Asian

Intended Major: Computer Science 

Honors : We don't really have anything called as 'Honors' in my country but I was studying the following subjects at the highest level available to an high school student in my country.

1. Maths ( Algebra, Calculus (Integration/Derivation), Geometry )

4. Computer Science (Python , SQL)

6. English

Won 2 awards in competitions related to debating/model united nations

I wrote about how due to the pandemic and non availability of computer parts and technology form the part of the world where I am at I decided to use machine learning to develop a way to render out larger and more complicated meshes in the software package I used.  

LOR (1. I highly doubt this is going to be any good as my teachers were writing lors for the very first time, no one from my school applied to any university except the ones in the near vicinity)

[deleted]

As poster above said, the bare minimum basic math = 120 credits divided by 8 semesters = 15 credits a semester. If all your classes were 3 units that would be 5 classes per semester.

[deleted]

Hello! I am currently working on my application to Cornell as a transfer student and my intended major would be biological science with a biochemistry concentration. Bio majors can apply to CALS or CAS so which one should I choose? I am interested in doing research during undergrad so if one school receives more funding for it then I would most likely go there.

Can someone Chance Me?  ❤️

Demographics: Female - Asian - First person in the immediate family to start and finish university  

Relevant Work Experience: Accounting Firm - Public Banking - Securities Company - I am now working as a financial analyst at a Canadian financial institution. Although I have updated my resume, I am unsure if the admissions officers will consider it.  

just about the college credit stuff, did you take those classes at a college or were they taught by a high school teacher at your school?

[deleted]

Semester A:

SOCI 1301 (Intro to Sociology)

KINE 1304 (Personal/Community Health)

Semester B:

PSYC 2301 (Gen Psychology)

GOVT 2306 (Texas Gov)

AP Computer Science B

(My internship will also hopefully be 12th grade, and it is counted as a course (divided into seminar first semester, and mentorship second semester) and is weighted as a 5.)

GPAs are calculated strange in my district, my 100 point weighted is like a 97

I had a C in College Algebra for my first semester mostly due to me adjusting to the new scheduling my school had, while balancing 9 classes and seasonal depression.

I might Early Decision to Cornell, does someone mind chancing me?

(I’ve already made chance mes, but wanted some insight from Cornell students as well.)

Male 

Black/African American

(United States Citizen)

Intended Major: Chemistry

Unweighted GPA: 3.65

Weighted: 4.15

rank: 19/375 (5%)

(21 Credits, 33 by Time of Application)

(I take 15 hours each term.) I have 5 cores and 3 electives.

Earned my Academic Letterman Jacket

Deans List at community college (GPA>3.4)

I am in the top 10% at my community college, and eligible to join Phi Kappa as a result.

I spend time writing an unpublished webcomic, as my favorite past time is drawing. It isn’t the best work, but it is something i’ve done for a very long time and I enjoy doing it. I don’t know if it’ll be published by the time I apply in September.

African American Youth Group (1 meeting a month, 3 hours, Sept-May)

Will have an internship senior year with county leaders, where I meet with a mentor in order to understand my chosen career path. Hopefully able to get a LOR. (Will be 5 hours a week, counts as an honors credit)

Occasional Acting (EXTREMELY SPARINGLY)

Dual Credit program in my district is new (am in the inaugural class) and so I am an unwritten point of contact for issues regarding the program (scheduling, professors, etc etc). Also meet with district coordinators on my findings and suggest solutions when possible. (once again unwritten title) (2-4 Hours a Week, began in August)

(For the next section, all of my cores are Pre-AP/Dual Credit)

All Math Courses:

College Algebra (Semester 1, 11th.)

(I may be able to take HS pre calculus next year.)

Science Classes

College General Biology I (Semester I, Grade 11)

College Biology II (Current)

Current Courses:

ENGL 1302 (ENGLISH COMP II)

BIOL 1309 (Non-Science Major Biology II)*

Independent Studies Math (Basic Prep Arithmetic)

Theatre I (Also Mandatory, graduating req)

*I had to switch to an associates of arts due to scheduling issues with my lab, and I can’t take a college math anymore without paying out of pocket (which i currently cannot afford, time and financials wise.)

World (3)

(I also took AP CSP 10th but didn’t test for it.)

(Edited for new Info)

Thanks. I don’t know if any of this helps or matters, but I’ve been student teaching at my religious school since 8th grade, which is a big commitment. My peer court and gender equality work has been through high school(except for during Covid shutdowns). 

I’m also expected to finish in the top 2 of my class. Whether I’m 1 or 2 depends obviously on the rest of this year.

I’m a junior, white female, LGBTQ. 

I attend a public high school on Long Island. My classes have been all honors, dual enrollment, and AP. My unweighted gpa is a 99.2 out of 100. 

Taking AP psych and APUSH this year and five AP’s next year(BC, Lit, Gov, stats, and Environmental. 

I’m going to apply to the School of Human ecology for a Human Development major. 

My extras include a county peer diversion court program, executive board member of my school’s gender equality movement, peer mentor, student teacher for religious school, sleepaway camp counselor, three honor societies that I’m actively involved in. 

J like list a ton of clubs/organizations/project teams u “plan on joining” and name drop like deadass at least 5 professors whose class u wanna take and whom you’ve “researched” about

I am a community college transfer and the common app asks to answer two questions. How you you guys advice splitting up my answer considering how similar these are.  

\-Tell us what you'd like to major in at Cornell, and why or how your past academic or work experience influenced your decision, and how transferring to Cornell would further your academic interests. Responses should be no longer than 3000 characters.  

I'd be going for my masters in something computer science and engineering related.

I did and they prompted me to reach out to their email. However, they are yet to respond. I didn’t Submit my eligibility questionnaire until like feb 8.

If not applying Cornell HEOP ed, typically when do Cornell HEOP rd consideration emails come out?

when you transfer to CAS you come in undecided anyway (for sophomores at least), so i'd assume it's not based on major? Though if you have one major that aligns most closely with your application i'd say do that (though i applied as a gov major with a lot of cs related application materials, so that also can work)

I definitely have a lot more stuff for EAS. I do research at my current institution in geodynamics making models that applies CS to geosciences, I tutor in Earth science, was the captain for Earth science in high school Science Olympiad where I won many medals. I'm just worried that Cornell might see my application as trying to "sneak in" to the school since I did apply to my current institution as a CS major before later declaring a Geosciences double major and I have a lot more classes in CS/AMS. I am genuinely interested in studying both though.

I was wondering if there were any transfer students here who decided to double major in CAS. I want to transfer to Cornell as a sophomore and plan to do a CS + EAS double major but I am really unsure of which one to apply as on my application. I have stressed the importance of both to me but on the Cornell transfer application it specifically says to choose one major. Does anyone know if transfer admissions to CAS are based on major or could give any input? Thanks very much

Arts and sciences doesn't admit by major and all students enter as undeclared, so applying for a popular/uncommon major will not make it any more difficult/easier to get accepted.

Hey Everyone. I will be applying to Cornell as an international student from Bangladesh. Cornell is my top choice university and I am thinking of applying ED this year. I am really liking the unique major in the college of arts and sciences called "Science and Technology Studies". In general, how competitive is it to get into Cornell for this major? I know it has a very small number of students as the majority minor in it but I really like it and would love to pursue it as a major.

Hey everyone! Cornell is my top choice as a transfer. I have all the recommended and required classes besides one that is just recommended because it's major restricted at my current school. If you could chance me that would help :)

I'm an international student and I'm not applying for financial aid. 

I'm applying for communications.

Im not sure you need to provide an sat score fyi https://admissions.cornell.edu/news/cornell-university-will-suspend-actsat-testing-requirement-2022-first-year-applicants

I’m planning on applying ED to Arts and Sciences

Demographics: Middle eastern, female, adopted,immigrant

Class Rank: 3/~600

-Jobs: Lifeguard, Swim Instructor, and tutor 

I’m applying to Arts and Sciences.

Class rank: 2/190

this professor actually did a lecture on why

bc it sucks

That’s what I was guessing but it really discourages me from wanting to go

Why

oh my bad, here’s the actual lecture

 >Rickrolling or a Rickroll, is an Internet meme involving pranking an unexpected appearance of the music video for the 1987 song "Never Gonna Give You Up," performed by the English singer Rick Astley. The meme is a type of bait and switch, usually using a disguised hyperlink that leads to the music video. When victims click on a seemingly unrelated link, the site with the music video loads instead of what was expected, and they have been "Rickrolled". The meme has also extended to using the song's lyrics, or singing it, in unexpected contexts.

Why does everyone here hate Cornell

Asking for a friend who is looking to transfer here. The essay prompt is “how does continuing your education at a new institution help you achieve your future career goals?” Anyone have any advice on how to write this essay? Or examples of what to include? We’re both kind of confused. Thanks in advance!

For the present: Why would transferring to Cornell at this very moment play a vital role in your life? Why now? What can Cornell offer you that you can’t find anywhere else? 

Idk if that helps, but that’s how I would look at it. :) best of luck!

1. What is your major how did past academic or work experience influenced your decision, and why do you want to go to Cornell.

2. Personal Statement: How does transferring to Cornell help your future?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I feel like this is a more logical approach but it disobeys the prompts, so I'm in a dilemma.

I am currently a junior in high school planning on applying to either Cornell CAS or Human Ecology ED. As far as major goes, I would be most interested in Human Development. For science classes I have taken Honors Integrated Science (Chem/Phys), Honors Biology 1-2, and AP Environmental Science. Next year I plan on either taking Honors Chemistry or AP Biology. On the website it says “1 unit of biology, 1 of chemistry and/or physics, and additional core sciences such as advanced biology”. Does APES suffice for a fourth science? I am unsure as to whether or not it falls under the umbrella of “additional core sciences”. I plan on being pre-law so I didn’t put a ton of emphasis on science during high school, so if this doesn’t count I’ll have to rethink either my senior year schedule and/or decide whether I should apply to Human Ecology or CAS. Please let me know your thoughts/any advice you may have. Thank you!

I’m applying for mechanical engineering in college of engineering

I have a 1510 SAT (800 math, 710 reading)

I went to a computer science summer camp at UCF (University of Central Florida)

I’m also Cuban lol

Does it make a difference being a Junior versus a Sophomore transfer?

im not too sure tbh

Transferring from CC to Dyson (in-state) 

Hi guys, I applied to the MEng ORIE program in November, gave my video interview on 7th Dec and then there was no communication. I then wrote to them somewhere in Feb asking about the general decision release timeframe and they said it’ll be by end-March. Based on the past, when did people hear back and also what is the average profile of an admitted student?

Dyson is under SC Johnson Business, which is not CALS. Both are generally easier programs than say economics in CAS. ILR is more of a human resources degree, and then you can specialize in econ. Dyson is more of a business degree, where you can also choose to specialize in econ. ILR will land you HR jobs; Dyson will land you more business jobs. Pretty self-explanatory.

Can someone explain the difference between ILR and CALS(dyson) economics? Are admissions easier or harder for one over the other? I know they are both part of the state-side. Is there any cultural/social differences between the two??

They look at applications holistically. One class should not make or break your application!

The issue is I have all but 1 pre-req completed and that's the rub. For incoming biometry majors they want 2 writing courses, Calc I, II, Linear Algebra, and two stats courses. I have all of that except a second stats course. My school doesn't offer a stats II and it wasn't available over winter on open SUNY. I do, however, have Calc III completed, which is not on the transfer requirement list but is a core course for the degree, and I'm hoping that will make a difference (CALS takes my school's Calc III as direct equivalent credit).

Does anybody have any thoughts as to if missing that one class is going to be a big enough problem for me to get rejected?

I’m a current student asking for a sibling: (1) is there sibling legacy, and (2) do deferred students have a higher acceptance rate than the regular admissions pool?

Engineering Freshman 2022 Requirements

Unfortunately I didn’t get in this year, but i’m going to try my hardest to transfer into Cornell Engineering next year. one issue that I saw straight on was that the Cornell Transfer website said that I needed Multivariable Calculus to transfer for a sophomore standing. Only problem is that my school doesn’t offer multivariable calculus freshman year. Any advice ?

Got mine 2 years ago in my rejection letter

How do you know if Cornell offers you a TO? Do they put it in your rejection letter or is it offered to you afterwards?

Has anyone transferred into Cornell for the HEOP program from a program like SEEK or EOP? I’m planning to transfer from SEEK program and wondering if it’s even possible and what the chances are

Don't put your name on a bus. It doesn't work.

Hey guys, I just got waitlisted at Cornell (College of Agriculture and Life Science as a Biology major to be specific). I was just wondering what I can do right now in order to increase my chances at getting in? (By the way, the acceptance rate for Cornell waitlist is only 4% :( )

What are hotel majors like? Competitive/cutthroat? Fratty? Materialistic? Chill?

How does the party scene work? I’m assuming it’s mostly around frat houses but how does that actually work with freshmen and sophomores? House parties?

How easy is it to minor or double minor? I’m interested in resource economics, art history, and viticulture.

I applied ED to A&S astrophysics major wit 4.3 and 1560 

Idk man, you got a shot, so take it

Wdym yesterday? The decisions don't come out till 31st March, right? I'm so confused

nope but definitely catered towards the CALS mission statement. I think I personally wrote abt my then-interest in medicine and math but I lowkey knew I wanted to do ds/finance lol

How do you do ds/finance in CALS? Do you double major or minor with Dyson?

they are identical programs. if you are NYS resident it is most strategic to apply to CALS for less competitive admission and lower tuition.

In the Why essay for CALS, should I focus on Stats or should I also mention biology/medicine-related experience or thoughts?

Biometry is within CALS and Stats is within CAS, so if you do not have a preference of curriculum, you will theoretically have a higher chance if you apply CALS. Not to mention you will also get in-state tuition.

1) Cornell only considers legacy status during early admissions.

2) Cornell does not give credit for APUSH.

Thank you! I’m glad to know that they’re test blind in this scenario. My school requires a certain passing score for the ACT/SAT so I’m working towards that though unfortunately 💔

CALS is test blind so you don't need to worry about studying for the PSAT/SAT

CS is definitely hard at GT but it’s not impossible. I would personally recommend Tech even as a current Cornell student because it’s kind of easier tbh than double majoring at Cornell.

Being a current student helps out

It means they are looking for you have taken four years of high school mathematics, with at least one of those years including some form of calculus. If your school did not offer calculus, admissions will be understanding. If you chose not to take calculus, your application will definitely not be favorable (unless there are extenuating circumstances).

I was informed by an advisor that pre-calculus does not count. However, your application will likely not be automatically rejected. Some courses are offered over the summer. I would look into that. It is possible that, if accepted, you could complete this before the fall semester.

I think you should be fine, colleges usually give teachers some leeway with the deadlines. I had a similar issue with another college and still got in.

I'm not sure about exact numbers but I know it would definitely be easier. About 10% of Cornell is international but only ~40 internationals are accepted with aid every year, so the large majority are not on aid.

I transferred to Cornell last Fall, and when I was working on the personal statement, I wrote about my potential educational and career paths beyond my time as an undergrad. I was partially interested in coming to Cornell to pursue academic research, so I wrote a bit about how that could lead to me attending grad school, to give you an example. To rephrase the personal statement the way I think it's meant to be interpreted: what do you want to do with your life after graduation?

The main essay was where I listed all my general reasons for wanting to attend, based primarily on the academic interests I had developed and the limitations of the school I previously attended.

no and especially because transfers are processed after regular admissions

Took my a second to figure out wtf Nolan was haha

If you can overcome seasonal depression then you’ll love Cornell

Not guaranteed technically anymore after an incident a couple years prior. However very very highly likely. She can study at any university Cornell accepts credits from. On her majors website she can see what courses she must take and which are recommended in order for it to stay valid and the grades she must maintain in them

Same questions here but for college of Ag

The shift is night and day. I did minimal work at CC and had 4.0. At Cornell, I had several classes where I was thrilled to get a B while busting my ass. Think about the student demographics; CC is largely average to below average students (some exceptions of course), whereas at Cornell, the typical student is top 1 or 2 percentile. Re: class size, if you're coming in as a junior, you'll likely miss some of the giant classes that many frosh and soph take, but you'll still have some big ones as a junior and senior (this can vary widely by major though). The biggest difference you'll notice is the pace and the amount of work. Something that you might cover in 2 or 3 classes at CC, will be covered in one class at Cornell, and then it's on to the next thing. At CC, you may get about 5-7 hours per week for a "heavy" class; that's considered light at Cornell. I had a few 3 credit classes where I was spending about 15 hours average per week. To summarize: it's much more demanding and rigorous than CC, and hard work alone won't always cut it; you need to be pretty smart as well. Best of luck!

Just chill. Or get a job and make some money

Congrats 🎉. Did you apply as a transfer student for Fall2022?

Ok, thanks so much :)

If you are in Dyson, you can request to double in a CALS major at any time [1]. If you are in CALS, you must request to double in AEM (Dyson) only during your freshman or sophomore year, and is not allowed for transfer students [2].

[1]

Is it harder for a CAS student to get approval for a double major in AEM than for a CALS student?

EDIT: I completely misread your question. If you are in CAS, you will probably not be allowed to double major in AEM since they are in different colleges (and concurrent degree is no longer available).

Dyson website: "Students with another major in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) may apply to double major in Applied Economics and Management (AEM)"

I know someone who did this, I believe it took them 5 years to graduate instead of the usual 4. I can't remember if it was because they ended up double majoring in chem and cheme or if cheme requirements took an extra year to finish. Most cheme classes are offered fall only or spring only so the latter seems most likely.

It is certainly possible, as long as you keep a high GPA. The more difficult process will be getting the A&S versions of classes recognized for a Eng degree. You will get the best answers from the COE Internal Transfer page and FAQ:

I believe the fencing team recruits, not sure if they take walk-ons. either way, if you get in, I would contact the head coach to ask about walking on.

Thanks so much! I took a deeper look at the degree requirements and decided to do statistical science

Sorry about the confusion as of now I am a junior in high school, and as for calculus I'm taking pre calculus next year since I started with algebra 1 and not geometry in my freshmen year. Overall I will have 4 years of math but it wouldn't include calculus(my school offers it I just can't take it since I need pre calc), although I have been looking into ways that I can speed it up via a summer course to take calculus in my senior year.

Definitely take precalc this summer, try your local community college maybe and check with your counselor if they would accept that. If your school offers calculus and you don't take I'm pretty sure it puts you at a very big disadvantage.

If you are a junior, I hope you get some calculus experience before graduation (high school, community college course, self study, etc). While CAS requires that 3 units of math are completed, COE "requires" 4 units where one of which is calculus. (Requires is in quotes since it is not something you will be immediately rejected over in a situation where your school does not offer calculus).

Regardless of school, CS wants to see both rigor and excellence in mathematics so unless you are failing, I would recommended trying to stick through honors.

one of my friends who majored in government got to do a whole semester in washington to work as an intern and study. I think the actual program is Called Cornell in Washington. he also was placed directly into an internship with the city of ithaca...so most of it is really just networking and job experience from what i've personally heard

Hd and psych are still separate majors so while as an hd major you have access to the psych classes (as with any other department in any other class) they wont necessarily count towards the hd major requirements.

Typically, dual enrollment refers to college courses taken to satisfy high school requirements. If you took these classes at the same time as high school but not for graduation, they may be eligible for credit (given some other criteria are met).

Just letting you know, dual enrollment courses do not transfer over to Cornell.

Whaaat??? That's incredible, congrats and good luck! 🤞😋 I'm also a transfer applicant, second letter of recommendation was submitted yesterday. How long after your application was completed did you get this letter?

Thank you! :)

|-|-|-|-|

I unfortunately got rejected, but will be applying to transfer next year for sure. 😭😭

What does TO mean???

They start coming out ~3rd week of April and are typically sent out every Tuesday until as late as June. From my experience, a TO acceptance is more or less guaranteed if all requirements are met. All of the TO applicants I know that met all requirements and didn’t get accepted were in HumEc

It's totally fine to join in sophomore year. That's more than I did (I didn't do any sports at all), so don't worry.

0 Chance, 1370 unless you have a crazy link to Cornell (generations of legacy, donor parents etc) is an auto-reject score.

Nah, you don’t need standardized test scores for transfers

If you have a low gpa, Cornell would want to see a high SAT score to make up for it. 1500 might not be high enough

There's no set number, but it's an expectation that you're taking a more rigorous and challenging courseload that's offered by your school. Some people's schools don't have AP or only offer a low number. I took 11, and I have friends that took 0 (no APs or IB offer at their school, but still was rigorous)

huh this is a joke right idk

since you didn’t qualify for usapho getting into cornell will be tough

Haha thanks

This is  insane

:( not a joke

sorry ig

u sweaty mf

yea but im an indian male

Hi!! I just got in too but I was not expecting to get in. I’m the opposite, I love management and food service. I was wondering if I could ask u a couple of questions about the environment and course rigor? I have no idea how I got accepted I’m such a an average student haha

barely any parties outside of greek life, people are not really happy and very stressed here. honestly if ur not super into hospitality i wouldn't recommend coming (Hotel '24)

Got in on the same day. I feel the exact same as you. I also applied to Harvard so I'm just waiting for April, 6th with no expectation.

No, you just take classes.

If you know you want to be engineering for sure, I would recommend applying directly to engineering because it is one of the harder schools to transfer into, and you don't want to get stuck in A&S if that is for sure what you don't want to do.

Math, CS, and hard science majors like Physics, Chem, Bio are offered in Arts and Sciences. So if you get in for history or humanities you can easily switch to those majors.

Switching to the engineering college is another matter, but you don't necessarily need to do it to pursue stem

I'd be more than happy to read it :)

Masters student in MAE here. My old roommate and I both studied mechanical engineering in undergrad at cornell. He went to columbia for grad school and I stayed in ithaca. We have compared experiences a lot throughout last semester and this is what we discussed:

Keep in mind this is for grad school, but I imagine the trend is similar for undergrad comparisons. Also, my friend did not stay in mechE when he ditched for columbia (still engineering though).

intro, body paragraphs, conclusion xD

What program are you applying to?

Hmm not super sure but I'd say pretty selective! There are like 35 other kids with me. But again, it’s a stem thing and I wanna do a more humanities major so idrk. What are you thoughts about my overall chances tho?

^^this but to your 2nd point stat/btry majors are now CIS students so same priority enrollment as info/cs

2. You can take data science courses as a stats major (or any major for that matter), but InfoSci offers a specific concentration in data science. (Majoring in CS / InfoSci will give you priority access to the higher level CS / InfoSci classes. This is extremely important since they fill up very quickly and can be difficult to get into due to high demand.)

InfoSci is offered in A&S and CALS. The graduation requirements for InfoSci in CALS includes 18 credits of Life Sciences, of which 6 credits must be Intro 

Bio and at least 3 credits must be Chem or Phys. So yes, you can certainly do InfoSci with a bunch of Bio.

The basic stats class at my college is equivalent to an AP Stats class where all the content is outdated and taught wrong. I like statistics, but I don't want to take a class where all the principles are irrelevant to classes further down the line if that makes sense

For the three course in science, i have a general studies in science 10, chem 12, and chem ap but I’m not sure if that’ll count for the courses required.

For admissions, you must have taken 3 courses in the sciences. Additional units of advanced mathematics and science (including biology, chemistry, and physics) are highly recommended but not required. From an applications perspective, assume you will be completing against students that taken high level science courses (AP / IB / etc.).

While you are in Dyson, you will have to take two introductory biology / life sciences courses to fulfill you distribution requirements. You must also take at least one course in physics or chemistry, and another course in any physical or life science. Basically, you can get away with only having to take two biology courses while at Cornell.

Oh thanks! I’m just wondering in terms of applications if I’m applying to dyson and possibly double majoring in global development, if not having any biology courses will hurt me.

> The director and faculty selection committee will review application materials and a select group of applicants will be ​contacted in March and invited to schedule an interview. Interviews of Milstein finalists will be conducted either virtually or in person during April, and decisions will be released to interviewees prior to May 1. Only those applicants offered an interview will be notified in the spring. Non-finalists will not be contacted.

> I don't really have any engineering extracurriculars.

If you are in CAS, you definitely have the room to take BIONB classes and obtain the background relevant for doing research.

Lots of classes have group (or partner) projects. CS 2110/2112, 3110, 3410, 4300, 4410, 4670, 4740, 4780 are all classes I took that involved collaborative projects/homeworks (so almost every single CS class I took at Cornell)

Some project teams (not all) are competitive to get into, but to be fair, this aspect isn't unique to Cornell. My friends at UIUC had to apply to get into project teams, business frats, and other similar types of pre-professional clubs. Once you get in, it's pretty collaborative. 

[deleted]

Another major you might want to consider is ORIE in the college of engineering (maybe combined with a CS minor) since ORIE has a lot of the stats/data science/machine learning classes as well classes that focus on applications in business and finance specifically.

A) Major: CS (in CAS or COE), IS (in CAS or CALS), ISST (in COE); Minor: Business, DBME \[Dyson Business Minor for Engineers\]

B) Major 1: IS (CALS); Major 2: Applied Economics (CALS) (same as last part of post)

C) Major: Economics (CAS); Minor: CS

The Biological Engineering (BE) major is offered by both CALS and COE. The Biological Sciences (Bio) major is offered by both CAS and CALS. If happen to be in CALS, you can double major in Bio and BE. Double majors must be within the same college. If you are planning to major in Bio in CAS, you cannot double major in BE but you may minor in BE. (Note: Cornell has discontinued the dual degree program)

Cornell will look at your score if you self reported on Common App or submitted a score report College Board.

hey thank you for that! I have slightly better scores than you, a 34 on the ACT but my ecs are a little bit less. I have just been doing some coding projects on the side and i’m in NHS right now. Also made international for DECA. I have also leadership in some tutoring firm. What do you think i could do to get my ecs up? I also had a job for 9 months during school( leadership position at a restaurant )

I can’t really say sorry, it’s not something I focused on a lot and was one of the things I was worried about when I applied.

facts, i lead Bible studies weekly with groups from like 5-15 people, could I put that?

Accepted CS class of 26 ED and submitted my 1460. Checking with some random stats I believe with a 700 eng and 760 math I was exactly in the 50th percentile for engineering school. Idk enough to say if you should or shouldn’t but it worked for me.

I think you should submit your SAT if possible. Also, admissions are by college and not major so you will be comparing against either CAS or COE.

2025 Class Profile:  

Apparently only around 30 students are accepted throughout all engineering majors for transfers

A 1450 is the 25th percentile for the Cornell Class of 2025. Given that you are a sophomore, your past two years of academics will be more relevant than the SAT and its fine not to send that score. Also just looking at your GPA, you should be fine getting into Cornell for ECE.

Look for the list of clubs and organizations at Cornell. There's a lot of martial arts clubs, though I'm not sure about specific disciplines.

i think m.eng is meant to prepare you for industry so i don't think it's exactly expected to have a lot of prior outside school experience. but that's just what i sorta gathered from info sessions i did not actually apply to an m.eng.

Sometime in late March/early April!

then why did u mention Asian Indian?

cuz affirmative action screws asians 😂

do you HAVE to mention in your Application? I am 10th grade so IDK

yes it’s pretty obvious if ur lying

that sounds racist of US Colleges bitchhhhh

College of human ecology has only 7 majors iirc which makes it less desirable than A&S which offers at least 60 majors. So less major flexibility in college of human ecology. But if you are absolutely sure you want to major in that area, ED to HumEc will boost your acceptance rate a lot. I think there’s a spreadsheet someone made on this subreddit that said ED HumEc acceptance rate was north of 40%?

Would an ipad pro be enough for an econ major in A&S?

if by an chance someone is actually reading this read, I will like to add one more question. I switched schools after my junior year of high school I went from a private boarding school to a public school and my teachers have assured me that none has ever even applied out side the city from my present high school and that can also be verified that I had to manually enter the name of my school in the application.  Will this negatively affect my application as due to this switch the number of debates and events that I could partake in decreased exponentially as my present high school does not provide any opportunities. Does the admission team reject application from small towns and public schools in favor of students from prestigious institutions in the west

As poster above said, the bare minimum basic math = 120 credits divided by 8 semesters = 15 credits a semester. If all your classes were 3 units that would be 5 classes per semester.

[deleted]

[deleted]

GPAs are calculated strange in my district, my 100 point weighted is like a 97

Semester A:

SOCI 1301 (Intro to Sociology)

KINE 1304 (Personal/Community Health)

Semester B:

PSYC 2301 (Gen Psychology)

GOVT 2306 (Texas Gov)

AP Computer Science B

(My internship will also hopefully be 12th grade, and it is counted as a course (divided into seminar first semester, and mentorship second semester) and is weighted as a 5.)

I had a C in College Algebra for my first semester mostly due to me adjusting to the new scheduling my school had, while balancing 9 classes and seasonal depression.

just about the college credit stuff, did you take those classes at a college or were they taught by a high school teacher at your school?

Thanks. I don’t know if any of this helps or matters, but I’ve been student teaching at my religious school since 8th grade, which is a big commitment. My peer court and gender equality work has been through high school(except for during Covid shutdowns). 

I’m also expected to finish in the top 2 of my class. Whether I’m 1 or 2 depends obviously on the rest of this year.

J like list a ton of clubs/organizations/project teams u “plan on joining” and name drop like deadass at least 5 professors whose class u wanna take and whom you’ve “researched” about

I'd be going for my masters in something computer science and engineering related.

I did and they prompted me to reach out to their email. However, they are yet to respond. I didn’t Submit my eligibility questionnaire until like feb 8.

I definitely have a lot more stuff for EAS. I do research at my current institution in geodynamics making models that applies CS to geosciences, I tutor in Earth science, was the captain for Earth science in high school Science Olympiad where I won many medals. I'm just worried that Cornell might see my application as trying to "sneak in" to the school since I did apply to my current institution as a CS major before later declaring a Geosciences double major and I have a lot more classes in CS/AMS. I am genuinely interested in studying both though.

when you transfer to CAS you come in undecided anyway (for sophomores at least), so i'd assume it's not based on major? Though if you have one major that aligns most closely with your application i'd say do that (though i applied as a gov major with a lot of cs related application materials, so that also can work)

Arts and sciences doesn't admit by major and all students enter as undeclared, so applying for a popular/uncommon major will not make it any more difficult/easier to get accepted.

Im not sure you need to provide an sat score fyi https://admissions.cornell.edu/news/cornell-university-will-suspend-actsat-testing-requirement-2022-first-year-applicants

That’s what I was guessing but it really discourages me from wanting to go

oh my bad, here’s the actual lecture

 >Rickrolling or a Rickroll, is an Internet meme involving pranking an unexpected appearance of the music video for the 1987 song "Never Gonna Give You Up," performed by the English singer Rick Astley. The meme is a type of bait and switch, usually using a disguised hyperlink that leads to the music video. When victims click on a seemingly unrelated link, the site with the music video loads instead of what was expected, and they have been "Rickrolled". The meme has also extended to using the song's lyrics, or singing it, in unexpected contexts.

this professor actually did a lecture on why

Why

bc it sucks

For the present: Why would transferring to Cornell at this very moment play a vital role in your life? Why now? What can Cornell offer you that you can’t find anywhere else? 

Idk if that helps, but that’s how I would look at it. :) best of luck!

Does it make a difference being a Junior versus a Sophomore transfer?

im not too sure tbh

Dyson is under SC Johnson Business, which is not CALS. Both are generally easier programs than say economics in CAS. ILR is more of a human resources degree, and then you can specialize in econ. Dyson is more of a business degree, where you can also choose to specialize in econ. ILR will land you HR jobs; Dyson will land you more business jobs. Pretty self-explanatory.

They look at applications holistically. One class should not make or break your application!

Got mine 2 years ago in my rejection letter

Don't put your name on a bus. It doesn't work.

nope but definitely catered towards the CALS mission statement. I think I personally wrote abt my then-interest in medicine and math but I lowkey knew I wanted to do ds/finance lol

How do you do ds/finance in CALS? Do you double major or minor with Dyson?

In the Why essay for CALS, should I focus on Stats or should I also mention biology/medicine-related experience or thoughts?

Thank you! I’m glad to know that they’re test blind in this scenario. My school requires a certain passing score for the ACT/SAT so I’m working towards that though unfortunately 💔

CS is definitely hard at GT but it’s not impossible. I would personally recommend Tech even as a current Cornell student because it’s kind of easier tbh than double majoring at Cornell.

I'm not sure about exact numbers but I know it would definitely be easier. About 10% of Cornell is international but only ~40 internationals are accepted with aid every year, so the large majority are not on aid.

Ok, thanks so much :)

If you are in Dyson, you can request to double in a CALS major at any time [1]. If you are in CALS, you must request to double in AEM (Dyson) only during your freshman or sophomore year, and is not allowed for transfer students [2].

[1]

Is it harder for a CAS student to get approval for a double major in AEM than for a CALS student?

EDIT: I completely misread your question. If you are in CAS, you will probably not be allowed to double major in AEM since they are in different colleges (and concurrent degree is no longer available).

Dyson website: "Students with another major in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) may apply to double major in Applied Economics and Management (AEM)"

I know someone who did this, I believe it took them 5 years to graduate instead of the usual 4. I can't remember if it was because they ended up double majoring in chem and cheme or if cheme requirements took an extra year to finish. Most cheme classes are offered fall only or spring only so the latter seems most likely.

Thanks so much! I took a deeper look at the degree requirements and decided to do statistical science

Definitely take precalc this summer, try your local community college maybe and check with your counselor if they would accept that. If your school offers calculus and you don't take I'm pretty sure it puts you at a very big disadvantage.

Sorry about the confusion as of now I am a junior in high school, and as for calculus I'm taking pre calculus next year since I started with algebra 1 and not geometry in my freshmen year. Overall I will have 4 years of math but it wouldn't include calculus(my school offers it I just can't take it since I need pre calc), although I have been looking into ways that I can speed it up via a summer course to take calculus in my senior year.

Typically, dual enrollment refers to college courses taken to satisfy high school requirements. If you took these classes at the same time as high school but not for graduation, they may be eligible for credit (given some other criteria are met).

|-|-|-|-|

I unfortunately got rejected, but will be applying to transfer next year for sure. 😭😭

Thank you! :)

What does TO mean???

huh this is a joke right idk

Haha thanks

:( not a joke

sorry ig

yea but im an indian male

Hi!! I just got in too but I was not expecting to get in. I’m the opposite, I love management and food service. I was wondering if I could ask u a couple of questions about the environment and course rigor? I have no idea how I got accepted I’m such a an average student haha

Hmm not super sure but I'd say pretty selective! There are like 35 other kids with me. But again, it’s a stem thing and I wanna do a more humanities major so idrk. What are you thoughts about my overall chances tho?

^^this but to your 2nd point stat/btry majors are now CIS students so same priority enrollment as info/cs

The basic stats class at my college is equivalent to an AP Stats class where all the content is outdated and taught wrong. I like statistics, but I don't want to take a class where all the principles are irrelevant to classes further down the line if that makes sense

For the three course in science, i have a general studies in science 10, chem 12, and chem ap but I’m not sure if that’ll count for the courses required.

Oh thanks! I’m just wondering in terms of applications if I’m applying to dyson and possibly double majoring in global development, if not having any biology courses will hurt me.

Another major you might want to consider is ORIE in the college of engineering (maybe combined with a CS minor) since ORIE has a lot of the stats/data science/machine learning classes as well classes that focus on applications in business and finance specifically.

hey thank you for that! I have slightly better scores than you, a 34 on the ACT but my ecs are a little bit less. I have just been doing some coding projects on the side and i’m in NHS right now. Also made international for DECA. I have also leadership in some tutoring firm. What do you think i could do to get my ecs up? I also had a job for 9 months during school( leadership position at a restaurant )

I can’t really say sorry, it’s not something I focused on a lot and was one of the things I was worried about when I applied.

facts, i lead Bible studies weekly with groups from like 5-15 people, could I put that?

Apparently only around 30 students are accepted throughout all engineering majors for transfers

then why did u mention Asian Indian?

cuz affirmative action screws asians 😂

do you HAVE to mention in your Application? I am 10th grade so IDK

yes it’s pretty obvious if ur lying

that sounds racist of US Colleges bitchhhhh

Would an ipad pro be enough for an econ major in A&S?

if by an chance someone is actually reading this read, I will like to add one more question. I switched schools after my junior year of high school I went from a private boarding school to a public school and my teachers have assured me that none has ever even applied out side the city from my present high school and that can also be verified that I had to manually enter the name of my school in the application.  Will this negatively affect my application as due to this switch the number of debates and events that I could partake in decreased exponentially as my present high school does not provide any opportunities. Does the admission team reject application from small towns and public schools in favor of students from prestigious institutions in the west

As poster above said, the bare minimum basic math = 120 credits divided by 8 semesters = 15 credits a semester. If all your classes were 3 units that would be 5 classes per semester.

GPAs are calculated strange in my district, my 100 point weighted is like a 97

[deleted]

I had a C in College Algebra for my first semester mostly due to me adjusting to the new scheduling my school had, while balancing 9 classes and seasonal depression.

Semester A:

SOCI 1301 (Intro to Sociology)

KINE 1304 (Personal/Community Health)

Semester B:

PSYC 2301 (Gen Psychology)

GOVT 2306 (Texas Gov)

AP Computer Science B

(My internship will also hopefully be 12th grade, and it is counted as a course (divided into seminar first semester, and mentorship second semester) and is weighted as a 5.)

Thanks. I don’t know if any of this helps or matters, but I’ve been student teaching at my religious school since 8th grade, which is a big commitment. My peer court and gender equality work has been through high school(except for during Covid shutdowns). 

I’m also expected to finish in the top 2 of my class. Whether I’m 1 or 2 depends obviously on the rest of this year.

I'd be going for my masters in something computer science and engineering related.

I did and they prompted me to reach out to their email. However, they are yet to respond. I didn’t Submit my eligibility questionnaire until like feb 8.

I definitely have a lot more stuff for EAS. I do research at my current institution in geodynamics making models that applies CS to geosciences, I tutor in Earth science, was the captain for Earth science in high school Science Olympiad where I won many medals. I'm just worried that Cornell might see my application as trying to "sneak in" to the school since I did apply to my current institution as a CS major before later declaring a Geosciences double major and I have a lot more classes in CS/AMS. I am genuinely interested in studying both though.

That’s what I was guessing but it really discourages me from wanting to go

oh my bad, here’s the actual lecture

 >Rickrolling or a Rickroll, is an Internet meme involving pranking an unexpected appearance of the music video for the 1987 song "Never Gonna Give You Up," performed by the English singer Rick Astley. The meme is a type of bait and switch, usually using a disguised hyperlink that leads to the music video. When victims click on a seemingly unrelated link, the site with the music video loads instead of what was expected, and they have been "Rickrolled". The meme has also extended to using the song's lyrics, or singing it, in unexpected contexts.

Why

im not too sure tbh

Does it make a difference being a Junior versus a Sophomore transfer?

How do you do ds/finance in CALS? Do you double major or minor with Dyson?

nope but definitely catered towards the CALS mission statement. I think I personally wrote abt my then-interest in medicine and math but I lowkey knew I wanted to do ds/finance lol

I'm not sure about exact numbers but I know it would definitely be easier. About 10% of Cornell is international but only ~40 internationals are accepted with aid every year, so the large majority are not on aid.

Is it harder for a CAS student to get approval for a double major in AEM than for a CALS student?

EDIT: I completely misread your question. If you are in CAS, you will probably not be allowed to double major in AEM since they are in different colleges (and concurrent degree is no longer available).

Dyson website: "Students with another major in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) may apply to double major in Applied Economics and Management (AEM)"

If you are in Dyson, you can request to double in a CALS major at any time [1]. If you are in CALS, you must request to double in AEM (Dyson) only during your freshman or sophomore year, and is not allowed for transfer students [2].

[1]

I know someone who did this, I believe it took them 5 years to graduate instead of the usual 4. I can't remember if it was because they ended up double majoring in chem and cheme or if cheme requirements took an extra year to finish. Most cheme classes are offered fall only or spring only so the latter seems most likely.

Definitely take precalc this summer, try your local community college maybe and check with your counselor if they would accept that. If your school offers calculus and you don't take I'm pretty sure it puts you at a very big disadvantage.

Typically, dual enrollment refers to college courses taken to satisfy high school requirements. If you took these classes at the same time as high school but not for graduation, they may be eligible for credit (given some other criteria are met).

|-|-|-|-|

I unfortunately got rejected, but will be applying to transfer next year for sure. 😭😭

Another major you might want to consider is ORIE in the college of engineering (maybe combined with a CS minor) since ORIE has a lot of the stats/data science/machine learning classes as well classes that focus on applications in business and finance specifically.

hey thank you for that! I have slightly better scores than you, a 34 on the ACT but my ecs are a little bit less. I have just been doing some coding projects on the side and i’m in NHS right now. Also made international for DECA. I have also leadership in some tutoring firm. What do you think i could do to get my ecs up? I also had a job for 9 months during school( leadership position at a restaurant )

I can’t really say sorry, it’s not something I focused on a lot and was one of the things I was worried about when I applied.

facts, i lead Bible studies weekly with groups from like 5-15 people, could I put that?

cuz affirmative action screws asians 😂

do you HAVE to mention in your Application? I am 10th grade so IDK

yes it’s pretty obvious if ur lying

that sounds racist of US Colleges bitchhhhh

then why did u mention Asian Indian?

GPAs are calculated strange in my district, my 100 point weighted is like a 97

I had a C in College Algebra for my first semester mostly due to me adjusting to the new scheduling my school had, while balancing 9 classes and seasonal depression.

 >Rickrolling or a Rickroll, is an Internet meme involving pranking an unexpected appearance of the music video for the 1987 song "Never Gonna Give You Up," performed by the English singer Rick Astley. The meme is a type of bait and switch, usually using a disguised hyperlink that leads to the music video. When victims click on a seemingly unrelated link, the site with the music video loads instead of what was expected, and they have been "Rickrolled". The meme has also extended to using the song's lyrics, or singing it, in unexpected contexts.

oh my bad, here’s the actual lecture

im not too sure tbh

How do you do ds/finance in CALS? Do you double major or minor with Dyson?

EDIT: I completely misread your question. If you are in CAS, you will probably not be allowed to double major in AEM since they are in different colleges (and concurrent degree is no longer available).

Dyson website: "Students with another major in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) may apply to double major in Applied Economics and Management (AEM)"

Is it harder for a CAS student to get approval for a double major in AEM than for a CALS student?

|-|-|-|-|

I unfortunately got rejected, but will be applying to transfer next year for sure. 😭😭

I can’t really say sorry, it’s not something I focused on a lot and was one of the things I was worried about when I applied.

facts, i lead Bible studies weekly with groups from like 5-15 people, could I put that?

hey thank you for that! I have slightly better scores than you, a 34 on the ACT but my ecs are a little bit less. I have just been doing some coding projects on the side and i’m in NHS right now. Also made international for DECA. I have also leadership in some tutoring firm. What do you think i could do to get my ecs up? I also had a job for 9 months during school( leadership position at a restaurant )

do you HAVE to mention in your Application? I am 10th grade so IDK

yes it’s pretty obvious if ur lying

that sounds racist of US Colleges bitchhhhh

cuz affirmative action screws asians 😂

 >Rickrolling or a Rickroll, is an Internet meme involving pranking an unexpected appearance of the music video for the 1987 song "Never Gonna Give You Up," performed by the English singer Rick Astley. The meme is a type of bait and switch, usually using a disguised hyperlink that leads to the music video. When victims click on a seemingly unrelated link, the site with the music video loads instead of what was expected, and they have been "Rickrolled". The meme has also extended to using the song's lyrics, or singing it, in unexpected contexts.

EDIT: I completely misread your question. If you are in CAS, you will probably not be allowed to double major in AEM since they are in different colleges (and concurrent degree is no longer available).

Dyson website: "Students with another major in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) may apply to double major in Applied Economics and Management (AEM)"

I unfortunately got rejected, but will be applying to transfer next year for sure. 😭😭

facts, i lead Bible studies weekly with groups from like 5-15 people, could I put that?

I can’t really say sorry, it’s not something I focused on a lot and was one of the things I was worried about when I applied.

yes it’s pretty obvious if ur lying

that sounds racist of US Colleges bitchhhhh

do you HAVE to mention in your Application? I am 10th grade so IDK

 >Rickrolling or a Rickroll, is an Internet meme involving pranking an unexpected appearance of the music video for the 1987 song "Never Gonna Give You Up," performed by the English singer Rick Astley. The meme is a type of bait and switch, usually using a disguised hyperlink that leads to the music video. When victims click on a seemingly unrelated link, the site with the music video loads instead of what was expected, and they have been "Rickrolled". The meme has also extended to using the song's lyrics, or singing it, in unexpected contexts.

I unfortunately got rejected, but will be applying to transfer next year for sure. 😭😭

facts, i lead Bible studies weekly with groups from like 5-15 people, could I put that?

that sounds racist of US Colleges bitchhhhh

yes it’s pretty obvious if ur lying

 >Rickrolling or a Rickroll, is an Internet meme involving pranking an unexpected appearance of the music video for the 1987 song "Never Gonna Give You Up," performed by the English singer Rick Astley. The meme is a type of bait and switch, usually using a disguised hyperlink that leads to the music video. When victims click on a seemingly unrelated link, the site with the music video loads instead of what was expected, and they have been "Rickrolled". The meme has also extended to using the song's lyrics, or singing it, in unexpected contexts.

facts, i lead Bible studies weekly with groups from like 5-15 people, could I put that?

that sounds racist of US Colleges bitchhhhh

facts, i lead Bible studies weekly with groups from like 5-15 people, could I put that?

Can I get a rickshaw from Ithaca to NYC?

Asking for a friend who has too many suitcases for bus and not enough $$ for cab or Uber.

Or get a storage unit if you can afford it and you aren’t going to use the stuff until next school year anyway

That's when you need to mail shit in boxes dude

Unfortunately this friend is on the hoarding spectrum

[deleted]

Or get a storage unit if you can afford it and you aren’t going to use the stuff until next school year anyway

Unfortunately this friend is on the hoarding spectrum

Cornell employees need HELP!!!

Is the planned strike already public knowledge?

lower their pay $181??  Seems to solve it

Walmart and Target also don't offer the same work environment or benefits. They don't have unions, don't offer college courses for advancement, limited PTO. They'd be paid $15-20 per hour anywhere in NYC for the same lack of skills.  

Students can't offer any help. They're all gone. Many of these jobs could be done by students for minimum wage just as well. Since Cornell is a money-losing operation many years they'd go to arbitration and show they can't afford to pay much more.

Nobody ever just does "one job". It doesn't matter what their title is, and it doesn't matter what industry they work in. The "cook" at Cornell doesn't just cook according to a recipe they're given. They're likely also responsible for knowing where to find ingredients, and knowing which substitutions are safe and which aren't when an ingredient runs out (and this goes especially for vegetarian/vegan/gluten free/halal/kosher/etc. dishes). When the cook is walking to the restroom, or out of the building for a lunch break, a student may run up to them and ask "Where can I get more forks?" or "Do you know if there will be any fish entrees tomorrow?" and the cook with 27 years of experience might have the menu memorized if it's predictable, while the cook with less experience won't have a clue.

All the Cornell Dining, Building Care, and Grounds among the others in the UAW are in contract negotiations. Cornell only gave us 2.2% raise last year. Cornell does NOT recognize longevity which means a cook of 27 years brings home the same check as a cook of 3 years. It is also a fact that the cook of 27 years makes $180 more a month than the allowance to qualify for SNAP. We need the students help. We are preparing to strike. Which means dorms and dining halls will not be functioning properly in August. Fact: Walmart and Target pay more than Cornell.

Is the planned strike already public knowledge?

lower their pay $181??  Seems to solve it

Nobody ever just does "one job". It doesn't matter what their title is, and it doesn't matter what industry they work in. The "cook" at Cornell doesn't just cook according to a recipe they're given. They're likely also responsible for knowing where to find ingredients, and knowing which substitutions are safe and which aren't when an ingredient runs out (and this goes especially for vegetarian/vegan/gluten free/halal/kosher/etc. dishes). When the cook is walking to the restroom, or out of the building for a lunch break, a student may run up to them and ask "Where can I get more forks?" or "Do you know if there will be any fish entrees tomorrow?" and the cook with 27 years of experience might have the menu memorized if it's predictable, while the cook with less experience won't have a clue.

Walmart and Target also don't offer the same work environment or benefits. They don't have unions, don't offer college courses for advancement, limited PTO. They'd be paid $15-20 per hour anywhere in NYC for the same lack of skills.  

Students can't offer any help. They're all gone. Many of these jobs could be done by students for minimum wage just as well. Since Cornell is a money-losing operation many years they'd go to arbitration and show they can't afford to pay much more.

Nobody ever just does "one job". It doesn't matter what their title is, and it doesn't matter what industry they work in. The "cook" at Cornell doesn't just cook according to a recipe they're given. They're likely also responsible for knowing where to find ingredients, and knowing which substitutions are safe and which aren't when an ingredient runs out (and this goes especially for vegetarian/vegan/gluten free/halal/kosher/etc. dishes). When the cook is walking to the restroom, or out of the building for a lunch break, a student may run up to them and ask "Where can I get more forks?" or "Do you know if there will be any fish entrees tomorrow?" and the cook with 27 years of experience might have the menu memorized if it's predictable, while the cook with less experience won't have a clue.

Cannot find job

I graduated with an Engineering/CS degree in December.  I had a struggle with depression throughout COVID, and I was not able to use career services in an effective way.  I’m trying to find a job for 6 months but without any success.  How people are finding their first job out there?

Just vomit your application all over the place, most jobs are being hammered with tons of applications so you will get ghosted by a lot of them

A Cornell student unable to find a job, we are in tough times.

Message me, we are looking for a front-end engineering intern.

Met with them once and never again lol. As an underclassmen I learned much more by reaching out to an older colleague who had successfully gotten good internships and asking to see their resume.

I had a resume review with them and the guy told me to include hobbies on my resume such as going to the gym and playing soccer for applying to a technical role. Like I'm sorry but what? Right after the call ended, I closed out the document and clicked "don't save".

second, do you have a linkedin? i’ve been slowly growing mine over the last several years and a lot of recruiters found me through there. it’s not worth getting premium, but i suggest spend a lot of time there looking for jobs and connecting with alumni or technical recruiters (keyword TECHNICAL)

third, are you getting interviews and then just not passing onto next rounds? then (unfortunately) you gotta do some leetcode exercises and brush up on data structures and sorting algorithms and all that. if you’re not getting interviews, either 1) you’re not sending enough applications, or 2) your resume needs work

Careers Beyond Academia is for PhD students and post docs only and may not be appropriate for OP. It's not the same thing as undergrad or masters students Career Services.

Practice interviewing and your elevator pitch everyday. Apply to at least 15 jobs a day

having a "hot" job market can be misleading. Just because there are a ton of people hiring, does not mean that they're good jobs -- especially for CS graduates from Cornell. I know many students who graduated recently who are struggling to find a job. I graduated recently and took a job I didn't really want because of how difficult recruitment was (near perfect GPA, well rounded resume).

Honestly if you can do well enough you would probs at least get a bunch of google contracting gigs with a horrible GPA and past crimes (assuming they were non-violent)

A bad job is better than no job.

Sure, but if we're just going to accept bad jobs then why spend 200k on a college education?

How many jobs have you applied to? This is the hottest job market in decades. There is no reason you shouldn’t be able to get a job with a Cornell CS degree, unless there is something you aren’t telling us (like horrible GPA, don’t actually know how to code, felony/major misdemeanor, etc).

Make sure your resume is good and practice interviewing. Additionally, applying to jobs is like dating, it’s a numbers game.

You are simply not trying hard enough 

Looks like OP is a lazy bum.

If you are looking for programming work I just graduated from the eMBA program with a cohort member looking for programmers. DM me

Met with them once and never again lol. As an underclassmen I learned much more by reaching out to an older colleague who had successfully gotten good internships and asking to see their resume.

Careers Beyond Academia is for PhD students and post docs only and may not be appropriate for OP. It's not the same thing as undergrad or masters students Career Services.

A bad job is better than no job.

Sure, but if we're just going to accept bad jobs then why spend 200k on a college education?

having a "hot" job market can be misleading. Just because there are a ton of people hiring, does not mean that they're good jobs -- especially for CS graduates from Cornell. I know many students who graduated recently who are struggling to find a job. I graduated recently and took a job I didn't really want because of how difficult recruitment was (near perfect GPA, well rounded resume).

Honestly if you can do well enough you would probs at least get a bunch of google contracting gigs with a horrible GPA and past crimes (assuming they were non-violent)

Sure, but if we're just going to accept bad jobs then why spend 200k on a college education?

A bad job is better than no job.

Sure, but if we're just going to accept bad jobs then why spend 200k on a college education?

Inspired by the loss of my grandpa to a heart attack last semester, I am completing a research project to uncover the patient journey for heart attack survivors. 

I am trying to get back to reading books this summer, which is something that I truly enjoyed doing but since starting college reading books has been feeling like a burden. Books that would have taken me one or two days to read, I can now barely finish them in two weeks. 

[deleted]

I’ve been studying for the LSAT and I’ve found that I’m a lot more productive after reading a chapter from a memoir I’m reading first. I’ve started reading first thing in the morning and I actually enjoy it and I feel like there’s a purpose too which motivates me. This is coming from someone who hasn’t read beyond required readings since around 5th grade. Good luck :)

Go somewhere like a park or a cafe and just force yourself to read a few chapters. Soon you won’t want to put it down

I kind of want to spend this summer getting into shape since I’m on campus but I can’t decide whether to just go to one of the gyms in college town

Is there a summer basketball chat for finding pickup games?

Or tennis for finding partners?

Math 1110 + CS 1110 + Econ 1110 -- all in one semester

Hey - incoming, naïve, and clueless freshman here. If my schedule magically works out, I would like to take these courses in fall 2022:

\- Math 1110  

\- CS 1110  

\- Econ 1110

Transfer Option to Cornell?

Howdy yall, Co 2026 here. While i got waitlisted by cornell, i got emailed recently about the transfer option as i didnt have a place in the fall admission. Is the transfer option literally a situation of "do 1 year at another college and then in sophomore year transfer", or is it more nuanced? Sorry if off topic, thank you in advance.

Nah not on student center, they post them on your transcript. I tried sending my official transcript to myself to check, but it wasn't there for this semester. On your official transcript, the median grades are always written along with the grade that you got on the course.

Where do they usually show up? I’ve never seen median grades in student center

Nah not on student center, they post them on your transcript. I tried sending my official transcript to myself to check, but it wasn't there for this semester. On your official transcript, the median grades are always written along with the grade that you got on the course.

What textbook does Autotutorial biochem use

Blankenship gave me access to the textbook earlier, but he’s retired and idk who’s replacing him.

It seems like I am in some trouble here :( Should I reach out to the school first? Let them know what it is that caused me to receive the grade so they know I did not just simply give up last quarter of my senior year? Should I just leave it alone and see if they send me an email asking about my grades or if they give me some type of warning? 

Fill it with a garbage bag(s) and THEN pack clothes and towels and bedding (pillows) into it to utilize the volume.

Fill it with a garbage bag(s) and THEN pack clothes and towels and bedding (pillows) into it to utilize the volume.

Received TO fall ‘23 HumEc. I’ll be an incoming sophomore then. What if I can’t finish the org chem coursework?

I know 2 semesters of orgo is recommended, not required but it may increase my chances of getting accepted if i do everything. I may be able to fit one semester of orgo into my schedule but not sure. Should I take the second semester of orgo in the summer before going to Cornell or will they not rlly see it?

What does Cornell weigh more heavily for people who were offered the transfer option: ECs or the course requirements?

I recently got into (caused…) a crash in downtown ithaca that resulted in severe cosmetic damage to a beloved local business and was ordered to take a safe driving course… are there any this summer in ithaca ?!? please help

On the hood of the car

Average Ithaca driver

If you rearrange the letters of the post it spells penis that’s why

Why the FUCK is this marked NFSW? A picture of my cock and (shaved) balls is NSFW, not some accident

On the hood of the car

If you rearrange the letters of the post it spells penis that’s why

Where to find club sponsors

Hi, just curious. Has anyone ever needed to send an official transcript from Cornell for an internship (if so, what company?)? Or do internships mostly just have us send over a copy of our transcript and rely on that?

Ive never needed to send an official transcript but this probably relies largely on what field you’re in and what type of internships you’re applying to

Can I dox a current student who assaulted me

If someone assaulted you report them to the police.  Straight out.  Not sure of Cornell, new here, but at most universities (and likely here) a reported assault will be/stay internal.  Schools do not like their reputations to be hit by crime stats, so they will not pass the report on to the local police.  You have to report to the local authorities and if they say report to cornell (if it happened on campus) insist that you want to report locally.  

If OP has any intentions of pursuing this criminally, then doxxing the assailant would likely harm OP's case. There's a reason you so frequently hear large companies or famous individuals say something to the tune of "We won't comment on pending litigation" when asked about an upcoming case they're involved in.

The other risk to OP is that if the person getting doxxed suffers financial loss (rescinded job offer, etc.) because of it, *and* if there's no hard evidence to support OP's claims, then they could sue OP for defamation and claim that everything OP says is a lie. Realistically, between college students, this won't happen... so it's not a particularly probable risk. But the possibility is there.

Knee jerk I'd say yes. But then, if I was in your shoes, I'd start doing the calculations: If I dox them, they may see fit to dox me too. And, what will doxxing them achieve? And... can/will they do worse?

Let's be clear, I have 0 concern for the student who assaulted you, I do however have concern for you.

If dox means giving out their address or other personal info then don’t do it

No

U ok? Why are you personally trying to insult me instead of adding to the discussion?

[removed]

No, I’m still horny despite the fact I just banged ur mom

Heck, I’ll doxx myself if it means I’ll get laid

That's a vote of the state senate Codes Committee, not either chamber.  If you look at the bill status, it shows that neither chamber has, in fact, approved the bill.  Please work on your reading comprehension.

Doxxing is illegal

No. That's not an academic issue. Report to the police and go from there. Not at Cornell but see if the university a policy to remove them from the class.

This is terrible advice and will land OP in legal trouble. Vigilante justice is NEVER the correct first answer.

[deleted]

If OP has any intentions of pursuing this criminally, then doxxing the assailant would likely harm OP's case. There's a reason you so frequently hear large companies or famous individuals say something to the tune of "We won't comment on pending litigation" when asked about an upcoming case they're involved in.

The other risk to OP is that if the person getting doxxed suffers financial loss (rescinded job offer, etc.) because of it, *and* if there's no hard evidence to support OP's claims, then they could sue OP for defamation and claim that everything OP says is a lie. Realistically, between college students, this won't happen... so it's not a particularly probable risk. But the possibility is there.

[removed]

No

No, I’m still horny despite the fact I just banged ur mom

U ok? Why are you personally trying to insult me instead of adding to the discussion?

Heck, I’ll doxx myself if it means I’ll get laid

That's a vote of the state senate Codes Committee, not either chamber.  If you look at the bill status, it shows that neither chamber has, in fact, approved the bill.  Please work on your reading comprehension.

This is terrible advice and will land OP in legal trouble. Vigilante justice is NEVER the correct first answer.

[removed]

No, I’m still horny despite the fact I just banged ur mom

Heck, I’ll doxx myself if it means I’ll get laid

That's a vote of the state senate Codes Committee, not either chamber.  If you look at the bill status, it shows that neither chamber has, in fact, approved the bill.  Please work on your reading comprehension.

That's a vote of the state senate Codes Committee, not either chamber.  If you look at the bill status, it shows that neither chamber has, in fact, approved the bill.  Please work on your reading comprehension.

That's a vote of the state senate Codes Committee, not either chamber.  If you look at the bill status, it shows that neither chamber has, in fact, approved the bill.  Please work on your reading comprehension.

That's a vote of the state senate Codes Committee, not either chamber.  If you look at the bill status, it shows that neither chamber has, in fact, approved the bill.  Please work on your reading comprehension.

Yeah you have to, if you don’t Martha will personally fly out and take your degree back

You *need* to figure out an end date if you're gonna make it work, though; a point at which one of you is going to move, or both of you move. If you don't have that, you may end up in a pretty nasty relationship holding pattern.

I didn’t and was in the same position

what should I do if I signed a lease that requires a larger security deposit than the law allows?

lol I feel so dumb about this. I found an apartment & decided to rent it for the upcoming year. when I got the lease, the security deposit was 2x rent which I knew wasn’t legal. I emailed them and they said it was security deposit + last month’s rent. I didn’t know any better at the time & was also p stressed so I decided to sign and send over the lease. now, after doing some more research, I found out that’s actually still illegal.

a month’s rent is a big chunk of money for me, so I’m not sure if I should email them back and ask for it to be changed. I did sign the lease though, and I don’t want to piss off my landlords before I even move in. probably overthinking this. any advice would be appreciated:)

EDIT: I actually haven’t sent in the security deposit yet which I realize I didn’t make clear in the post

This may or may not upset your landlord. There's really no way to know. Without knowing your landlords or being in your shoes, it's hard to weigh the risk of upsetting them against how much you actually need this money as a buffer in your bank account throughout the next 12 months.

Just don’t pay the last two months

This may or may not upset your landlord. There's really no way to know. Without knowing your landlords or being in your shoes, it's hard to weigh the risk of upsetting them against how much you actually need this money as a buffer in your bank account throughout the next 12 months.

This may or may not upset your landlord. There's really no way to know. Without knowing your landlords or being in your shoes, it's hard to weigh the risk of upsetting them against how much you actually need this money as a buffer in your bank account throughout the next 12 months.

What cab services drive to NYC?

ITH to EWR is $194 one way.  Express shuttle to NYC is another $18

I only got into sports over covid in HS, and never did any sports besides track/cross country. My family never supported me doing anything else like lacrosse even when I wanted to, but now I'm fucked bc I cant take the PE class for hockey since I need "basic skating experience" as a prereq. How fucked am I? From anyone whos taken it how hard is it?

dump and run dates @ ithaca mall near target

Dump and run is something I usually do in the Level B bathroom

Drivers Ed

title; send helpppp

Can an Info Sci undergrad get into Meng or MS cs @ cornell tech? If so, how hard would it be?

I could also just be used to the cold but yeah I love my omni-heat!

;-; 💀

I could also just be used to the cold but yeah I love my omni-heat!

;-; 💀

I could also just be used to the cold but yeah I love my omni-heat!

;-; 💀

I could also just be used to the cold but yeah I love my omni-heat!

;-; 💀

I could also just be used to the cold but yeah I love my omni-heat!

;-; 💀

I could also just be used to the cold but yeah I love my omni-heat!

;-; 💀

Does Uber go from Ithaca to New York?

For an ungodly amount of money maybe. Use one of the bus services instead

Hmm. Cornell Campus to the Cornell Club in NYC is only $330 for a regular sized Uber? Good luck finding a driver, but that’s much less than I expected. Still more than I’d pay.

you can buy multiple bus tickets with ourbus and guarantee they’ll take your bags that way but they’re running way under max capacity since it’s an off peak time

Cornell Gym

If u can get to and afford an off campus gym I would recommend

Simply isn’t true at all

^^ I went to Helen Newman a lot freshman year where there’s two squat racks and one bench and even then there was never much of a wait (if one at all). Now there’s a new gym in Morrison with 10 squat racks. Also never encountered something broken at one of the gyms

You get what you pay for. Cornell gyms are crowded, with limited hours, and scarce/broken equipment.

no

^^ I went to Helen Newman a lot freshman year where there’s two squat racks and one bench and even then there was never much of a wait (if one at all). Now there’s a new gym in Morrison with 10 squat racks. Also never encountered something broken at one of the gyms

Simply isn’t true at all

^^ I went to Helen Newman a lot freshman year where there’s two squat racks and one bench and even then there was never much of a wait (if one at all). Now there’s a new gym in Morrison with 10 squat racks. Also never encountered something broken at one of the gyms

Hey I'm getting a job and my shift ends at 12AM. I don't have a car so I'm unfortunately relying on the TCAT if I can't find anyone to carpool with. Anyone know if I can catch a bus (most importantly the 30 bus to North)??/

You may be out of luck— looks like the last 30 ends at 11:51. [Here’s where you can find the schedule](https://tcatbus.com/bus-schedules)

I was in it last summer (when it was called PSP) and I’m working for them this summer. I remember having a billion questions myself so ask away. :)

what were your classes? were you able to manage the workload well or did it take a while to get into the rhythm of it? also, what did you do besides classes

[deleted]

No

should i bring $20 in cash ?

where do u live?

123456789

what’s ur social security?

how many bitches do u pull?

why

possibly

you’ve been tossed into an insane asylum. what do you tell the people there to prove to them that you don’t belong inside?

I forget to return my books

you are now banned from the local library. what would be the reason for it?

why is it called ‘shipping’ if it goes by truck? why is it called ‘cargo’ when it goes by ship?

why would I not want to

why do you want to work here?

jetta gang

why is there fuzz on a tennis ball?

Okay okay thank you so much I’m super nervous for the program ://// I just really don’t know what to expect and worried I won’t do well in my classes or make friends 😭

depends can I borrow a pen

sorry I’m a humanities major

what’s nine plus ten?

No

123456789

why

possibly

I forget to return my books

why would I not want to

jetta gang

Okay okay thank you so much I’m super nervous for the program ://// I just really don’t know what to expect and worried I won’t do well in my classes or make friends 😭

depends can I borrow a pen

sorry I’m a humanities major

Okay okay thank you so much I’m super nervous for the program ://// I just really don’t know what to expect and worried I won’t do well in my classes or make friends 😭

I'm a rising senior at Cornell who's staying on campus over the summer. I was homeschooled throughout high school and mostly focused on schoolwork my first three years, but now I'm interested in getting into team sports like basketball/tennis/etc. because it seems like fun. 

My problem is I've literally never played any of them before, so I need some way to get good enough where I'm at least capable of playing with other people. (None of my friends play, so I can't ask them for help.) How does one get into something like this?

I'm thinking basketball, soccer, or tennis.

I think so, but it seems awkward to try and join when I've literally never played a game before. It seems like I'd just be in the way.

Are there intramural sports ?

Hi! I was homeschooled before coming to Cornell and I just graduated. Joining a club sport was an amazing experience and I would 10/10 recommend:)

Are two PE classes no longer required for everyone?  That certainly seems like an easy way to get started.  (I took fencing, which I had never done before, and loved it.)

I'm thinking basketball, soccer, or tennis.

I think so, but it seems awkward to try and join when I've literally never played a game before. It seems like I'd just be in the way.

Spanish placement test

Are you talking about the CASE? I took the online Spanish placement test (LPS) last year and it was nothing like this; it was all multiple choice.

It wasn’t bad at all! First there was a listening portion where you have to answer questions based on audio dialogue, then a couple pages of fill-in-the-blanks paragraphs where you have to conjugate verbs, and lastly a short essay prompt.

Are you talking about the CASE? I took the online Spanish placement test (LPS) last year and it was nothing like this; it was all multiple choice.

Summer PSYCH 2230 Intro to behavioral neuroscience Groupme?

Title says it. If anyone is down lmk

How does the Transfer Option show on the transcript and diploma?

I received the TO for fall 23 for the school of human ecology (I will be an incoming sophomore then). I currently will attend the University of FL. Will my degree say Bachelors from Cornell or something else? Like will I be considered a total graduate from Cornell? Also, how will the transcript reflect the transfer?

You will get a bachelors from Cornell. On your transcript which literally no one sees but you it will list the classes you took at UF.

Your transcript will look like everyone else’s, and your degree will still be “fully” from Cornell.

Only difference: you’ll have a year of transfer credit from UF (so under “TRANSFER CREDIT FROM [COLLEGE] APPLIED TOWARDS [DEGREE]”they might list like 30 credits or something), but other than that it looks exactly the same.

ILR in Dublin residences?

I'm pretty sure they're going to bet on the likelihood that people will cave the boycott and not really follow through with what they they say; and even assuming they did,  it wouldn't be enough harm their business since they'd probably not see a huge effect in their numbers in the long run. The best case scenario might be to convince the university from not selling Starbucks products all over campus, but it's likely not to happen.

Hey some of us are at home tea drinkers! Don't lump us in with the Starbucks mob

Various outlets on the Cornell campus serve Starbucks coffee. Perhaps it’s time a message was sent by the students that they won’t tolerate their university supporting anti-labor corporations.

I’m just waiting for all of the fucks from Dyson to come in chat to defend their corporate overlords 🍿

It's not illegal to close stores in general, but in this case, two of the cited reasons very much imply that this was for union busting. Especially considering that one of the reasons is directly related to our strike back in April.

Fuck SBUX

all the Ithaca stores are closing at 2 for the summer but the store shutting down is unrelated

Thanks! I don’t usually come to SB so I wasn’t aware.

Wait I just came to green street for the bus and saw Starbucks getting closed by 2pm today. Thought it was because students left and they have less customers now, but it’s actually union busting? This is crazy. Not gonna buy from them until workers are getting their basic needs met.

Serious question: do Starbucks have grease traps?  I thought their menu was mostly already prepped food.

mans is dick-riding so hard like howard schultz himself is gonna hand him a job 💀

Unclear, I vaguely remember that It was actually a grease trap from the previous occupiers of the property, or perhaps was next door and grease leaked through the wall. Those were details that floated around when the employees were discussing unionizing.

There were definitely worse-off Starbucks to shut down. This was targeted action against my store.

Nowhere have I assumed to have a better view of the situation, in fact all of my language is built around not knowing various details and being aware of the existence of unknown unknowns. I'm speaking to this specifically BECAUSE I'm an outsider with no feelings one way or the other on the issue of this starbucks. Unfortunately the camp that i fall into is one thay the vast majority of students on campus do as well... and admonishing me(or anybody else like me) for expressing what I think and feel, as well as my various apprehensions is the last thing that is going to get anybody any support.

I don't know anything about Starbucks unions popping up around the country. I don't know Starbucks's position on unions. 

Why are you so vehemently arguing a point you know nothing about then? Or are you just claiming to no nothing about it so you can’t seem like the bad guy, seems like such a disingenuous position. Or you’re just trolling so troll on brohair don’t let me stop ya

Edit: this will be my last reply on this thread. I wish somebody would take the time to take what I'm saying in good faith and actually look to find a halfway point where we could have reasonable discourse. I wish you all luck, but frankly this issue lost my support simply because everything I'm see is reminiscent of willfully blind ideology.

🙌🙌🙌

This is fucking bullshit!!!! Solidarity ✊

Bruh I was planning on joining when I move to Ithaca after summer because I’m already working at Starbucks…well, doesn’t look too good for me now 🫤

In mid/late April, we went on strike. There is a grease trap in our store (we don't even use grease at Starbucks, the trap hasn't been maintained in years) that overflowed, spreading old grease and wastewater all over the ground. We were expected to clean it with mops and rags (a clear OSHA violation to force workers to do that). My shift supervisor got permission from the workers on at the time for them to walk out, and he told customers to leave due to a wastewater incident, locked the doors, and they went on strike! We were on strike for an entire day before Starbucks temporarily fixed the grease trap and cleaned it with the alleged intent to replace it eventually.

However, on June 3rd, Starbucks management told workers that our store would be closing on June 10th with less than a week's notice to find new jobs or know whether or not we would get to keep our jobs and just relocate. They specifically cited the grease trap as a reason why our store is closing, which implies that they would rather close our store completely than meet the demands of our strike. They also cited "time and attendance" issues, which only came about because they halved the store's hours so that much of the bargaining unit, especially closers, were unable to work full shifts and had to give up their hours.

This is illegal and retaliation for union organization, through and through. I don't know how else to explain it, there is convincing and damning evidence that there is no economic reason to permanently close a store with extremely high traffic during the school year. It's outrageous. There are more benefits than burdens to keeping the store open and negotiating a collective bargaining agreement with my store, but Starbucks would rather use us as an example of "what happens when workers try to stand up."

wait who?

“draconian” 🤓

how tf did u get into Cornell bro you gotta be stupid as shit

Not right now vector

you don’t even go here lmao

I went to this Starbucks a few times and the workers always tried to get me to put on a mask. 

Looks like another example of draconian covid policies scaring away customers and being bad for business.

Damn bro, so you basically just live your life like “it’s impossible to be treated better by your employer”? That’s pretty pathetic mate

“Don’t organize and lose your shitty job! Instead, break your back for your shitty job and just let them abuse you progressively more, squeezing every minute of productivity they can out of you beyond your breaking point :)”

[deleted]

[deleted]

I'm pretty sure they're going to bet on the likelihood that people will cave the boycott and not really follow through with what they they say; and even assuming they did,  it wouldn't be enough harm their business since they'd probably not see a huge effect in their numbers in the long run. The best case scenario might be to convince the university from not selling Starbucks products all over campus, but it's likely not to happen.

Hey some of us are at home tea drinkers! Don't lump us in with the Starbucks mob

It's not illegal to close stores in general, but in this case, two of the cited reasons very much imply that this was for union busting. Especially considering that one of the reasons is directly related to our strike back in April.

Thanks! I don’t usually come to SB so I wasn’t aware.

all the Ithaca stores are closing at 2 for the summer but the store shutting down is unrelated

Unclear, I vaguely remember that It was actually a grease trap from the previous occupiers of the property, or perhaps was next door and grease leaked through the wall. Those were details that floated around when the employees were discussing unionizing.

Nowhere have I assumed to have a better view of the situation, in fact all of my language is built around not knowing various details and being aware of the existence of unknown unknowns. I'm speaking to this specifically BECAUSE I'm an outsider with no feelings one way or the other on the issue of this starbucks. Unfortunately the camp that i fall into is one thay the vast majority of students on campus do as well... and admonishing me(or anybody else like me) for expressing what I think and feel, as well as my various apprehensions is the last thing that is going to get anybody any support.

Why are you so vehemently arguing a point you know nothing about then? Or are you just claiming to no nothing about it so you can’t seem like the bad guy, seems like such a disingenuous position. Or you’re just trolling so troll on brohair don’t let me stop ya

Serious question: do Starbucks have grease traps?  I thought their menu was mostly already prepped food.

There were definitely worse-off Starbucks to shut down. This was targeted action against my store.

I don't know anything about Starbucks unions popping up around the country. I don't know Starbucks's position on unions. 

Edit: this will be my last reply on this thread. I wish somebody would take the time to take what I'm saying in good faith and actually look to find a halfway point where we could have reasonable discourse. I wish you all luck, but frankly this issue lost my support simply because everything I'm see is reminiscent of willfully blind ideology.

mans is dick-riding so hard like howard schultz himself is gonna hand him a job 💀

wait who?

“draconian” 🤓

you don’t even go here lmao

how tf did u get into Cornell bro you gotta be stupid as shit

Not right now vector

Damn bro, so you basically just live your life like “it’s impossible to be treated better by your employer”? That’s pretty pathetic mate

[deleted]

“Don’t organize and lose your shitty job! Instead, break your back for your shitty job and just let them abuse you progressively more, squeezing every minute of productivity they can out of you beyond your breaking point :)”

I'm pretty sure they're going to bet on the likelihood that people will cave the boycott and not really follow through with what they they say; and even assuming they did,  it wouldn't be enough harm their business since they'd probably not see a huge effect in their numbers in the long run. The best case scenario might be to convince the university from not selling Starbucks products all over campus, but it's likely not to happen.

Hey some of us are at home tea drinkers! Don't lump us in with the Starbucks mob

Thanks! I don’t usually come to SB so I wasn’t aware.

Nowhere have I assumed to have a better view of the situation, in fact all of my language is built around not knowing various details and being aware of the existence of unknown unknowns. I'm speaking to this specifically BECAUSE I'm an outsider with no feelings one way or the other on the issue of this starbucks. Unfortunately the camp that i fall into is one thay the vast majority of students on campus do as well... and admonishing me(or anybody else like me) for expressing what I think and feel, as well as my various apprehensions is the last thing that is going to get anybody any support.

Why are you so vehemently arguing a point you know nothing about then? Or are you just claiming to no nothing about it so you can’t seem like the bad guy, seems like such a disingenuous position. Or you’re just trolling so troll on brohair don’t let me stop ya

Unclear, I vaguely remember that It was actually a grease trap from the previous occupiers of the property, or perhaps was next door and grease leaked through the wall. Those were details that floated around when the employees were discussing unionizing.

There were definitely worse-off Starbucks to shut down. This was targeted action against my store.

I don't know anything about Starbucks unions popping up around the country. I don't know Starbucks's position on unions. 

Edit: this will be my last reply on this thread. I wish somebody would take the time to take what I'm saying in good faith and actually look to find a halfway point where we could have reasonable discourse. I wish you all luck, but frankly this issue lost my support simply because everything I'm see is reminiscent of willfully blind ideology.

you don’t even go here lmao

[deleted]

Hey some of us are at home tea drinkers! Don't lump us in with the Starbucks mob

Nowhere have I assumed to have a better view of the situation, in fact all of my language is built around not knowing various details and being aware of the existence of unknown unknowns. I'm speaking to this specifically BECAUSE I'm an outsider with no feelings one way or the other on the issue of this starbucks. Unfortunately the camp that i fall into is one thay the vast majority of students on campus do as well... and admonishing me(or anybody else like me) for expressing what I think and feel, as well as my various apprehensions is the last thing that is going to get anybody any support.

Why are you so vehemently arguing a point you know nothing about then? Or are you just claiming to no nothing about it so you can’t seem like the bad guy, seems like such a disingenuous position. Or you’re just trolling so troll on brohair don’t let me stop ya

I don't know anything about Starbucks unions popping up around the country. I don't know Starbucks's position on unions. 

Edit: this will be my last reply on this thread. I wish somebody would take the time to take what I'm saying in good faith and actually look to find a halfway point where we could have reasonable discourse. I wish you all luck, but frankly this issue lost my support simply because everything I'm see is reminiscent of willfully blind ideology.

There were definitely worse-off Starbucks to shut down. This was targeted action against my store.

Why are you so vehemently arguing a point you know nothing about then? Or are you just claiming to no nothing about it so you can’t seem like the bad guy, seems like such a disingenuous position. Or you’re just trolling so troll on brohair don’t let me stop ya

Nowhere have I assumed to have a better view of the situation, in fact all of my language is built around not knowing various details and being aware of the existence of unknown unknowns. I'm speaking to this specifically BECAUSE I'm an outsider with no feelings one way or the other on the issue of this starbucks. Unfortunately the camp that i fall into is one thay the vast majority of students on campus do as well... and admonishing me(or anybody else like me) for expressing what I think and feel, as well as my various apprehensions is the last thing that is going to get anybody any support.

Edit: this will be my last reply on this thread. I wish somebody would take the time to take what I'm saying in good faith and actually look to find a halfway point where we could have reasonable discourse. I wish you all luck, but frankly this issue lost my support simply because everything I'm see is reminiscent of willfully blind ideology.

I don't know anything about Starbucks unions popping up around the country. I don't know Starbucks's position on unions. 

Why are you so vehemently arguing a point you know nothing about then? Or are you just claiming to no nothing about it so you can’t seem like the bad guy, seems like such a disingenuous position. Or you’re just trolling so troll on brohair don’t let me stop ya

Edit: this will be my last reply on this thread. I wish somebody would take the time to take what I'm saying in good faith and actually look to find a halfway point where we could have reasonable discourse. I wish you all luck, but frankly this issue lost my support simply because everything I'm see is reminiscent of willfully blind ideology.

Edit: this will be my last reply on this thread. I wish somebody would take the time to take what I'm saying in good faith and actually look to find a halfway point where we could have reasonable discourse. I wish you all luck, but frankly this issue lost my support simply because everything I'm see is reminiscent of willfully blind ideology.

Edit: this will be my last reply on this thread. I wish somebody would take the time to take what I'm saying in good faith and actually look to find a halfway point where we could have reasonable discourse. I wish you all luck, but frankly this issue lost my support simply because everything I'm see is reminiscent of willfully blind ideology.

Edit: this will be my last reply on this thread. I wish somebody would take the time to take what I'm saying in good faith and actually look to find a halfway point where we could have reasonable discourse. I wish you all luck, but frankly this issue lost my support simply because everything I'm see is reminiscent of willfully blind ideology.

Is anyone at Cornell tech subletting their apt for the summer?? My housing fell through and I'd love to live there! Looking for immediate until mid August

hmu if taking genetics this summer

looking for study buddy

Now, I know the average GPA for this college is disgusting . But , I wanted to know if there were any prelaws in this college that could give me some advice , or people who switched majors to pursue prelaw etc.

You actually dont have to change your major to be prelaw. Stem majors can work in IP law and its super lucrative because you have to be a stem major to do so

I’m CS + ECE and pre-law. DM me if you wanna talk about it :)

I’m in info sci and on jury duty and discrete math is mapping this shit out in my head in real time

ChemE in college of engineering, I considered law school briefly. from my understanding you could maybe scrape by with a 3.5 gpa because law schools do cut some slack for stem majors because they are aware of how hard stem programs can be.

Law school skills are about broad-ranging analytical ability first, written argument second, and perhaps general writing skill third.  An undergraduate degree that hones your analytical ability (and not your ability to memorize and repeat) should be your first objective.  Making that degree work for you if you choosing a non-law career should be your second objective.  Fill the gaps with courses heavy on critical writing skills.

(I majored in Computer Science.  I double minored in Business and Philosophy.  My law school career (Ivy League) and subsequent law career were pretty good.)

Anyone moving to NYC and wants to start a group?

Housing group? Friend group?

A secret society?

Is there anywhere on campus that recycles 3D prints back into filament?

Is it rolling after that? Am I screwed? Is it worth taking the time to polish stuff up?

Anyone from NY or Jersey going to Ithaca on the 12th?

Apartment Available July-August

I was doing well in the finals and getting As, but literally at least one of my friend is getting A+ in each of the class I'm taking. The same thing happens in the previous semester.

My goal in the college is to enter a good phd program in my area of interest, but to be honest, I feel like my confidence is being wrecked by people around me. Some of them do good research as well as consistently getting better grades than me (like a 4.1+ gpa), whereas I was rejected to internships, REUs, as well as getting ignored by professors to whom I inquired research opportunities.

I am also doing the same exact thing

I wouldn’t mind having all As tbh 😳

Lol I am comparing myself to you as I read your post 😕

Grad student here. The undergrads in our lab mostly emailed graduate students they found on our lab website. We would then chat with them to make sure they understood what we do and had some background knowledge to help a bit on a project, and then we would take them to our advisor to fill out paperwork for course credit. 

If you want to get to grad school tho, you will need research experience. If you’re ignored by professors, go knock on their doors, send them email reminders after a week, etc etc. Youre gonna have to fight for a position. 

REUs are notoriously hard to get, and many of them actually give preference to students from universities with weaker research programs. However, there often are a few programs which are particularly good for Cornell students, so I’d talk to grad students and professors about this. (This is based on my experience in my fields at least, which I learned in hindsight unfortunately). 

I wouldn’t mind having all As tbh 😳

I am also doing the same exact thing

Grad student here. The undergrads in our lab mostly emailed graduate students they found on our lab website. We would then chat with them to make sure they understood what we do and had some background knowledge to help a bit on a project, and then we would take them to our advisor to fill out paperwork for course credit. 

I wouldn’t mind having all As tbh 😳

Subletting Two bedroom apartment

How to find a roommate as an incoming sophomore transfer

Or do we have to randomize cuz I absolutely don't want to

Fraternities taking Junior Transfers?

Friend is transferring to Cornell in the Fall. Interested in joining a fraternity. How possible is that for a junior?  Is it worth it?

I think Greek life wasn’t that big where he was. Also, knew he wanted to transfer out.

He will probably face questions about why he didn’t rush at his previous school. A good number of houses won’t bid juniors unless they were an active in the same chapter at a different university.

Not true, frats do fall and spring rush, fall is just not open to freshman. As a Junior he should be able to. I would second the above comment, just depends who he vibes with, but I’m not in Greek life so not certain

I think Greek life wasn’t that big where he was. Also, knew he wanted to transfer out.

Not true, frats do fall and spring rush, fall is just not open to freshman. As a Junior he should be able to. I would second the above comment, just depends who he vibes with, but I’m not in Greek life so not certain

Does CU ID work on weekends on Tcat? my card just got rejected 😑

I was able to get into cocktail lounge last week but today at olin they said I can no longer checkout books out, and it seems they expired

Graduated last weekend and my car wouldn’t let me into Mann lobby today. Probably deactivated

HAHAHHAHAHAHAAHA

[deleted]

If you graduated, your ID number was likely deactivated on 5/31 as that's when card access for campus is also updated.

Yeah it is because you graduated. If you had another year it would have lasted till 8/31.

Depends on your fee code, if it is in the system as employee then it might not, because you would only go to work on weekdays

I was able to get into cocktail lounge last week but today at olin they said I can no longer checkout books out, and it seems they expired

If you graduated, your ID number was likely deactivated on 5/31 as that's when card access for campus is also updated.

Yeah it is because you graduated. If you had another year it would have lasted till 8/31.

[deleted]

If you graduated, your ID number was likely deactivated on 5/31 as that's when card access for campus is also updated.

Yeah it is because you graduated. If you had another year it would have lasted till 8/31.

Anyone driving to NYC or New Jersey and would like to car pool?

I am

"the traffic is awful" my friend in the Lord you're literally touching NYC why in the FUCK would you drive  

I cant stand ppl who shit on NYC like can you just get your ass out of the state and stop bitching ty

Two worst places in NY

Lawnchesta

"the traffic is awful" my friend in the Lord you're literally touching NYC why in the FUCK would you drive  

I cant stand ppl who shit on NYC like can you just get your ass out of the state and stop bitching ty

Is anyone driving tomorrow that I can get a ride back to New York City with ?

I'm driving to NJ  later in the day.

Where in NJ and around what time?

Thank you for your comment, I have one more question though. How much did you need to study for it every week, I have a pretty intense semester planned for F22 so should I take it or not.

Thank you for your comment, I have one more question though. How much did you need to study for it every week, I have a pretty intense semester planned for F22 so should I take it or not.

🛹

the collegetown Starbucks is being shut down permanently on June 10th

The empty corner across from Starbucks was quoted at that price for a 10 year lease

sheeesh no wonder collegetown is becoming a ghosttown

Verbal quote when looking for a restaurant storefront for a student business

Okay I’m less drunk now. Starbucks still hasn’t given a very clear answer to “why are you closing our store”, but it seems to be that they’re implying the store isn’t profitable enough and requires too much money to be remodeling it (most likely in reference to the grease trap in the back of house that causes a lot of issues). I’m not sure if it’s legal for me to directly quote them from their store meetings with us or their emails so imma be rewording everything.

based

Why is it shutting down?

it’s a complicated situation rn, and I’ll post an update when I have more information from corporate Starbucks and I’m less drunk ❤️👍🏼

Is this related to the recent unionization?

what are they putting there

It’s ok Enzo pizza open

I work there 😃

Hopefully Sunday is next 🤞

ha ha funny

When you side with corporations that don’t give a shit about you over your fellow worker 🤡

literally the union was because starbucks doesn't care about it's workers which can be seen by the fact they gave the employees a week notice about the fact they will all potentially be unemployed

why's everyone such an ideologue? I'd consider myself generally pro-union, but all these workers are now out of a job. Is that the intended result?

when you unionize to try to get more money and now you get no money 🤡

Ctb coffee is disgusting

What happened?

Thank god I graduated just before that

It has been a few months since I’ve been there. The problem is once a business imposes such draconian policies, they lose customers permanently even after the policy is removed.

I went to this Starbucks a few times and the workers always tried to get me to put on a mask.

Looks like another example of draconian covid policies scaring away customers and being absolutely catastrophic for businesses.

The empty corner across from Starbucks was quoted at that price for a 10 year lease

sheeesh no wonder collegetown is becoming a ghosttown

Verbal quote when looking for a restaurant storefront for a student business

Okay I’m less drunk now. Starbucks still hasn’t given a very clear answer to “why are you closing our store”, but it seems to be that they’re implying the store isn’t profitable enough and requires too much money to be remodeling it (most likely in reference to the grease trap in the back of house that causes a lot of issues). I’m not sure if it’s legal for me to directly quote them from their store meetings with us or their emails so imma be rewording everything.

based

it’s a complicated situation rn, and I’ll post an update when I have more information from corporate Starbucks and I’m less drunk ❤️👍🏼

I work there 😃

ha ha funny

When you side with corporations that don’t give a shit about you over your fellow worker 🤡

literally the union was because starbucks doesn't care about it's workers which can be seen by the fact they gave the employees a week notice about the fact they will all potentially be unemployed

why's everyone such an ideologue? I'd consider myself generally pro-union, but all these workers are now out of a job. Is that the intended result?

Ctb coffee is disgusting

It has been a few months since I’ve been there. The problem is once a business imposes such draconian policies, they lose customers permanently even after the policy is removed.

The empty corner across from Starbucks was quoted at that price for a 10 year lease

sheeesh no wonder collegetown is becoming a ghosttown

Verbal quote when looking for a restaurant storefront for a student business

based

why's everyone such an ideologue? I'd consider myself generally pro-union, but all these workers are now out of a job. Is that the intended result?

It has been a few months since I’ve been there. The problem is once a business imposes such draconian policies, they lose customers permanently even after the policy is removed.

sheeesh no wonder collegetown is becoming a ghosttown

Verbal quote when looking for a restaurant storefront for a student business

The empty corner across from Starbucks was quoted at that price for a 10 year lease

sheeesh no wonder collegetown is becoming a ghosttown

Verbal quote when looking for a restaurant storefront for a student business

Verbal quote when looking for a restaurant storefront for a student business

Trouble with Listervs

Hi guys, I just got ownership of two listervs, and I really need to edit them and send out emails for reunion weekend. I reset my password, but [list.cornell.edu](https://list.cornell.edu) still won't let me log in with my netid as the username. Has anyone had the same problem?

I tried that and it still doesn’t work :/

What happens when you use the forgot password link? Does that work correctly and let you reset your password?

I reset my password, and then that reset password doesn’t work :/

What happens when you use the forgot password link? Does that work correctly and let you reset your password?

I reset my password, and then that reset password doesn’t work :/

I tried that and it still doesn’t work :/

I reset my password, and then that reset password doesn’t work :/

What happens when you use the forgot password link? Does that work correctly and let you reset your password?

I reset my password, and then that reset password doesn’t work :/

I began writing this on April 15th, 2022. I wanted to give insight into my progress and goals/plan for the subsequent weeks. If you have read my Reddit post entitled Terrible Semester, you are aware I have been placed on academic probation and was able to appeal a leave of absence (LOA). 

This semester, I had to fulfill requirements or my position at Cornell would be held under further review. The requirements necessitated I have a minimum of a 2.3 GPA, and no failing grades with at least 12 credits. Even before the semester started, I was highly motivated and driven, primarily by the fear of being deemed a failure again. Before returning to Cornell (after the first semester), I outlined my goals. I wanted all A's except in one class, in which a B was sufficient for me. I obsessively watched videos discussing "how to be an A student" and amassed tips to achieve my goals. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

[I know, these grades are terrible. \* I was taking a couple of higher level courses in the first semester...which is not something I advise, yet, I got my best grade in my 4000 level course... ](https://preview.redd.it/wezka3o97g391.png?width=346&format=png&auto=webp&s=1534478beadd27ed649f423c0bd0edd50bf164d6)

&#x200B;

[Much better! \*It also helped that I was only taking 4 classes compared to five. My best grade was in my most advanced class \(4000 level\) I seek to take about 5 classes for the fall 2022 semester. ](https://preview.redd.it/4m2gn07d7g391.png?width=344&format=png&auto=webp&s=3e9f47f706f025cc331567c19967ae877de6b4c3)

Hey all, I’m an incoming researcher for the summer at Cornell and im wondering if anyone has any recommendations for events, groups, social media pages, etc. that could help me become more acquainted with the university and Ithaca life. 

No I have to add you manually bc too many bots

No I have to add you manually bc too many bots

No I have to add you manually bc too many bots

Relocation Depression?

I moved to NYC for an internship a week ago, but I have realized it always feels overwhelming and lonely whenever I move. It isn't even the first time I've been in NYC for an extended time, but I'm already so tired and just crying in my room and don't want to tell my parents since they are already worried about me being in the city by myself. I don't understand why it takes me months to get used to a place. Before moving, I was so excited, but once I got here, I just started questioning myself and what I was doing.

I'm moving to the city today! Shoot me a dm if you need someone to talk to :)

Why did people steal all the letters from the Cornell sign?

I think it’s funny

I think one person doing it probably caused a bunch of people think “oh that’s a good idea” since as far as I know this has never happened before

I think it’s funny

I've already taken CS 2110 from arts&sciences but if I switch to engineering, can I use CS2110 in place of ENGRD 2110 and get credit for it as a distribution? Are they interchangeable like that?

CS2110 is ENGRD 2110 (they’re the exact same class). You should be able to get ENGRD credit if you take CS 2110, just make sure you let the registrar know before you graduate

How tough is it for junior transfers to make friends on campus?

I am sorry to hear that. I hope your senior year went by far better! :)

I am sorry to hear that. I hope your senior year went by far better! :)

🎶Where do I begin🎶

Hahahaha

giving away iclicker

just graduated and want to get this iclicker off my hands before i move, giving away for any price or for free, dm me!

u/ConfusedBootThief 

Does anyone know a good group in Ithaca for students to play soccer with this summer?

my friend and i play too and we’re staying in ithaca over the summer, we’d love to join

my friend and i play too and we’re staying in ithaca over the summer, we’d love to join

Hey everyone, I will be driving from Newark to Ithaca on either 8th or 9th of June (pretty flexible) and I’m writing to ask if anybody needs a ride then? It’s a ~4 hr ride and I’m just seeking some company for the road

I’m studying for a semester in Cornell this fall and looking for somewhere to rent. Ravenwood seems to be the only place that will do a short term lease. Does anyone know what it’s like?

I lived there for two semesters, I just moved out after graduating. It's really nice and quiet, no major issues.

I personally didn't interact with the landlord that much, but whenever we had issues, we'd submit a maintenance request and it'll get resolved within a few days, depending on the severity. 

