Participate in Graduate Student's Research!\[Academic\] How does one's attachment to parents during childhood influence college student substance use behaviors?

[https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/MD23BKF](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/MD23BKF)

Hello everyone :) I am a researcher at Carlow University working on their master's thesis. This survey is specifically looking at the relationship between substance use and parental attachment. It should only take about 5 minutes to complete. If you could help me out, it would be much appreciated :)

In addition, I pledge to donate $1 for each participant to the International Rescue Committee to support the immediate needs of Ukrainian refugees.

Thanks in advance for your participation! :)Hello friend :) This is something I went back and forth about for a long time. I do understand that many families (probably the majority now in the US) are "non-traditional". Completely hear you there.

For the purposes of this survey though, I wanted to keep it simple, and let participants decide for themselves what "father" and "mother" meant to them. If someone feels that they did not have a strong relationship with one of their parents, they could either 1) Leave those questions blank or, 2) Select the "never" options for the questions. I'm sure whatever you chose to do won't affect my data at all :)

Sorry for the confusion here, but I hope that explanation makes sense. If you have any other questions, feel free to message me :)I don't have a father, so I wasn't sure how to fill out the second part of your survey. Not sure if that would affect your results, but you might want to consider non-traditional family structures. Good luck!Hello friend :) This is something I went back and forth about for a long time. I do understand that many families (probably the majority now in the US) are "non-traditional". Completely hear you there.

For the purposes of this survey though, I wanted to keep it simple, and let participants decide for themselves what "father" and "mother" meant to them. If someone feels that they did not have a strong relationship with one of their parents, they could either 1) Leave those questions blank or, 2) Select the "never" options for the questions. I'm sure whatever you chose to do won't affect my data at all :)

Sorry for the confusion here, but I hope that explanation makes sense. If you have any other questions, feel free to message me :)Flexible Summer English Tutoring Opportunity for Top College Students!Hey Brown University students! If you are looking for a chill (and rewarding) summer opportunity, sign up to be an English tutor on [Ringle](https://www.ringleplus.com/en/tutor/landing/about-us), a South Korean tutoring company! If you sign up to be a Ringle Tutor now, you don’t have to start teaching right away but Ringle will donate $15 to [Teach for All!](https://teachforall.org/about)

**Perks:**  
\* Pay of **$17 - $22/hour** with additional bonuses and incentives  
\* Completely virtual – **work from home** via Zoom!  
\* Flexible scheduling with **no minimum hour requirement per week.**  
\* Tutor-friendly platform with **pre-made lesson plans**.  
\* **No teaching experience** **or knowledge of Korean required**!

**Application Process:**

1. Submit your resume here: [https://www.ringleplus.com/en/tutor/landing/referral/event?friend=9f8dc3](https://www.ringleplus.com/en/tutor/landing/referral/event?friend=9f8dc3) (10 mins)
2. Complete your Mock Session (20 mins)\*
3. Start tutoring right away! Complete your first 10 lessons within 2 weeks to receive a **$100 bonus**!

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/72w1ntj9iv391.png?width=2400&format=png&auto=webp&s=1adeac6e4a250ec4935815959a992b2c6785043fIncoming grad student - in search for a roommateHi everyone. I'll be attending Brown this Fall (Sc.M. Physics). I'm looking for a roommate(s) with whom I can share an accommodation. If any of y'all's on the lookout for the same, feel free to DM me. Thanks.Is Brown’s campus actually nice?Ik y’all might be inclined to support brown, but in actuality do you really like the campus? How are the dorms too?How are the dining halls in terms of ambiance, but most importantly food?Cafeteria enthusiast here. I have visited over 100 cafeterias over the past six years in 28 states and two countries. I even ate in a small “field cafeteria” in the Arizona desert with scorpions running around and did my Brown admission video on cafeteria food if you wanna know how serious I am about this.

Overall, Brown’s dining halls are very disappointing given the cost of the meal plan. Every state school I’ve been to had better food, especially Michigan State University’s which had chefs on scene, and the meal plan was half the price of Brown’s. Might I add students got unlimited swipes?

The University of Michigan’s best dining hall or “south quad”,” though a bit lower quality than any of MSU’s, still had excellent food compared to the Ratty. I still enjoy eating there whenever I visit Ann Arbor.

Additionally, the hours of operation and wait times at Brown’s dining halls are completely unacceptable. MSU’s main dining halls were open from 6-10, whereas the Ratty closes at 7:30. I also couldn’t remember a time where I had to wait more than 5 minutes for food at MSU’s main halls “Case,” “Akers,” or “SnyPhi.”

It should also be noted that Brown doesn’t pay its dining hall workers very well. Sure, Sodexo and other food contractors generally fuck over their workers, but I would assume Brown would pay their staff a decent amount of money considering the cost of the meal plan… bc that money certainly isn’t going towards the food.

Come to Brown for the open curriculum and caring professors, not for the food.Generally ambiance is pretty energetic, people chatting, classic collegiate vibe. I personally think the food is pretty good and there are enough options between the dining halls. People have mixed opinions thoThe ambience of the dining hall friends on which one you go to. Josiah’s has the feel of a late night burger joint, the Ratty has the feel of a busy mess hall, etc. The food, in my opinion, is pretty good, and there’s a very good variety as well. Some people complain about the food, but I think on average it’s pretty good. I think some of the students want restaurant quality meals at a dining hall, which is just not going to happen regardless of how wealthy a university isBest campus food I’ve ever had was at UC Santa Barbara.Mans a mf cafeteria inspector frPersonally I really enjoy the food here.  I come from a state school college town so have that cafeteria food to compare, and imo brown really holds up.I honestly feel most universities provide pretty damn good food for a fraction of the cost. Idk where Brown’s meal plan money is going because the food, though not terrible, isn’t the bestYaaas!! The DLG was a bomb ass food court. I remember my friends and I taking a road trip up the coast for an extended holiday weekend, and I was amazed by the incredible quality and variety and the fact that we were greeted by the sun as soon as we leftReally? I generally feel like quite a fed of the universities I’ve visited have really middling food. The amount of cardboard pizza and wilted salad I’ve had is a number I never want to admit to, lolCampus is really nice, dorms are mostly not so greatThe campus is absolutely gorgeous -- the brick architecture (for the most part) is pretty faithfully adhered to throughout the school and there's a lot of greenery in the Fall and Spring (walking through Patriot's Court in the dead of winter is a different experience entirely). Downtown's easily accessible from Brown by walking down college hill, and then on the other three sides we're bordered by residential neighborhoods which have pretty houses. Students also receive unlimited access of RIPTA, which is the bus system to get around the city/state.

&#x200B;

The dorms themselves are hit and miss -- they all have been made at different points in time and undergone various degrees of renovation (Andrews has sinks in each room, EmWool/MoChamp has semi-private restrooms, Greg has AC etc.), but every room has 4 walls, a window, twin XL bed, desk w/chair, and some sort of bookshelf/storage closet (some rooms have built-in closets, others have stand-alone dressers). As a First Year you don't get to choose where you're placed (randomly assigned one or two roommates based on a survey that asks you to answer some questions about sleeping habits, substance usage etc.) -- only exceptions I can think of are if you elect special-interest housing (sub-free, same sex, quiet housing) or have accommodations through SAS. As of the last couple of years, Brown also requires students to be on-campus for three years, though housing is guaranteed for all four if you want it. 

Overall, the housing is decent -- from what I've heard most of the Ivies, except Harvard b/c money, have similar issues with housing. However, ResLife is slowly working on renovating the dorms (Andrews where a lot of freshmen live was renovated a couple of years ago, Wellness for upperclassmen opened last summer, 250 Brook St should be done by my senior yr etc.)

&#x200B;

As someone who wasn't able to visit Brown before applying, I highly recommend looking at the virtual tour, as it gives a decent overview of campus (only note is that it kind of skips north campus entirely, which is where a lot of freshmen live): [https://www.youvisit.com/tour/brown](https://www.youvisit.com/tour/brown)I really like the campus, personally! The architecture is really nice, with buildings from many different eras on display. There’s also a lot of green space, like a lot, especially for a city, not to mention quite a few parks and even a state forest in walking distance ( a lot of students don’t realize this). People complain about the dorms, but I find them to be pretty nice on average. Our rooms are usually larger than those of other colleges. People sometimes complain, but I’ve visited many other colleges and we live pretty opulently compared to them, so…..The campus is lovely, the dorms are eh.Cafeteria enthusiast here. I have visited over 100 cafeterias over the past six years in 28 states and two countries. I even ate in a small “field cafeteria” in the Arizona desert with scorpions running around and did my Brown admission video on cafeteria food if you wanna know how serious I am about this.

Overall, Brown’s dining halls are very disappointing given the cost of the meal plan. Every state school I’ve been to had better food, especially Michigan State University’s which had chefs on scene, and the meal plan was half the price of Brown’s. Might I add students got unlimited swipes?

The University of Michigan’s best dining hall or “south quad”,” though a bit lower quality than any of MSU’s, still had excellent food compared to the Ratty. I still enjoy eating there whenever I visit Ann Arbor.

Additionally, the hours of operation and wait times at Brown’s dining halls are completely unacceptable. MSU’s main dining halls were open from 6-10, whereas the Ratty closes at 7:30. I also couldn’t remember a time where I had to wait more than 5 minutes for food at MSU’s main halls “Case,” “Akers,” or “SnyPhi.”

It should also be noted that Brown doesn’t pay its dining hall workers very well. Sure, Sodexo and other food contractors generally fuck over their workers, but I would assume Brown would pay their staff a decent amount of money considering the cost of the meal plan… bc that money certainly isn’t going towards the food.

Come to Brown for the open curriculum and caring professors, not for the food.Generally ambiance is pretty energetic, people chatting, classic collegiate vibe. I personally think the food is pretty good and there are enough options between the dining halls. People have mixed opinions thoThe ambience of the dining hall friends on which one you go to. Josiah’s has the feel of a late night burger joint, the Ratty has the feel of a busy mess hall, etc. The food, in my opinion, is pretty good, and there’s a very good variety as well. Some people complain about the food, but I think on average it’s pretty good. I think some of the students want restaurant quality meals at a dining hall, which is just not going to happen regardless of how wealthy a university isBest campus food I’ve ever had was at UC Santa Barbara.Mans a mf cafeteria inspector frPersonally I really enjoy the food here.  I come from a state school college town so have that cafeteria food to compare, and imo brown really holds up.I honestly feel most universities provide pretty damn good food for a fraction of the cost. Idk where Brown’s meal plan money is going because the food, though not terrible, isn’t the bestYaaas!! The DLG was a bomb ass food court. I remember my friends and I taking a road trip up the coast for an extended holiday weekend, and I was amazed by the incredible quality and variety and the fact that we were greeted by the sun as soon as we leftReally? I generally feel like quite a fed of the universities I’ve visited have really middling food. The amount of cardboard pizza and wilted salad I’ve had is a number I never want to admit to, lolHow are the dining halls in terms of ambiance, but most importantly food?Best campus food I’ve ever had was at UC Santa Barbara.Mans a mf cafeteria inspector frPersonally I really enjoy the food here.  I come from a state school college town so have that cafeteria food to compare, and imo brown really holds up.Yaaas!! The DLG was a bomb ass food court. I remember my friends and I taking a road trip up the coast for an extended holiday weekend, and I was amazed by the incredible quality and variety and the fact that we were greeted by the sun as soon as we leftCafeteria enthusiast here. I have visited over 100 cafeterias over the past six years in 28 states and two countries. I even ate in a small “field cafeteria” in the Arizona desert with scorpions running around and did my Brown admission video on cafeteria food if you wanna know how serious I am about this.

Overall, Brown’s dining halls are very disappointing given the cost of the meal plan. Every state school I’ve been to had better food, especially Michigan State University’s which had chefs on scene, and the meal plan was half the price of Brown’s. Might I add students got unlimited swipes?

The University of Michigan’s best dining hall or “south quad”,” though a bit lower quality than any of MSU’s, still had excellent food compared to the Ratty. I still enjoy eating there whenever I visit Ann Arbor.

Additionally, the hours of operation and wait times at Brown’s dining halls are completely unacceptable. MSU’s main dining halls were open from 6-10, whereas the Ratty closes at 7:30. I also couldn’t remember a time where I had to wait more than 5 minutes for food at MSU’s main halls “Case,” “Akers,” or “SnyPhi.”

It should also be noted that Brown doesn’t pay its dining hall workers very well. Sure, Sodexo and other food contractors generally fuck over their workers, but I would assume Brown would pay their staff a decent amount of money considering the cost of the meal plan… bc that money certainly isn’t going towards the food.

Come to Brown for the open curriculum and caring professors, not for the food.Generally ambiance is pretty energetic, people chatting, classic collegiate vibe. I personally think the food is pretty good and there are enough options between the dining halls. People have mixed opinions thoI honestly feel most universities provide pretty damn good food for a fraction of the cost. Idk where Brown’s meal plan money is going because the food, though not terrible, isn’t the bestReally? I generally feel like quite a fed of the universities I’ve visited have really middling food. The amount of cardboard pizza and wilted salad I’ve had is a number I never want to admit to, lolThe ambience of the dining hall friends on which one you go to. Josiah’s has the feel of a late night burger joint, the Ratty has the feel of a busy mess hall, etc. The food, in my opinion, is pretty good, and there’s a very good variety as well. Some people complain about the food, but I think on average it’s pretty good. I think some of the students want restaurant quality meals at a dining hall, which is just not going to happen regardless of how wealthy a university isYaaas!! The DLG was a bomb ass food court. I remember my friends and I taking a road trip up the coast for an extended holiday weekend, and I was amazed by the incredible quality and variety and the fact that we were greeted by the sun as soon as we leftBest campus food I’ve ever had was at UC Santa Barbara.Mans a mf cafeteria inspector frPersonally I really enjoy the food here.  I come from a state school college town so have that cafeteria food to compare, and imo brown really holds up.Really? I generally feel like quite a fed of the universities I’ve visited have really middling food. The amount of cardboard pizza and wilted salad I’ve had is a number I never want to admit to, lolI honestly feel most universities provide pretty damn good food for a fraction of the cost. Idk where Brown’s meal plan money is going because the food, though not terrible, isn’t the bestYaaas!! The DLG was a bomb ass food court. I remember my friends and I taking a road trip up the coast for an extended holiday weekend, and I was amazed by the incredible quality and variety and the fact that we were greeted by the sun as soon as we leftReally? I generally feel like quite a fed of the universities I’ve visited have really middling food. The amount of cardboard pizza and wilted salad I’ve had is a number I never want to admit to, lol257 Thayer for the next academic yearIs there anyone that's still looking for a place to live for the next academic year starting from Aug 20? I  am looking for a person to live in my room, and if anyone's interested, please DM me!Transfer Credits for Summer CoursesIncoming transfer student here. I was thinking of taking some courses during the summer at either the school I am leaving or at another university. Does anyone know if these will be accepted as transfer credits, or will they not be accepted? Don't want to waste a couple thousand if they aren't going to be credited.I think because you haven't matriculated yet, you'd only have to follow any guidelines here, since the information I'm finding on the Registrar website is for currently enrolled students studying away from Brown: [https://admission.brown.edu/transfer/transfer-credit](https://admission.brown.edu/transfer/transfer-credit) However, I'd reach out to the Admissions Office with any questions -- keep in mind that you have to be at Brown for at least 4 semesters as a transfer.If it’s pertinent to your major requirements, you can argue for those credits to count later down the road with avery or whoever the transfer coordinator may be at that time. However, it isn’t guaranteed. Brown doesn’t really like awarding credit for summer courses taken elsewhere, especially if its only purpose is to advance standing

If it’s at your current university and is a “higher level” course of one you took during the spring or fall, there’s a loophole if ur just trying to get an equivalency granted (without trying to advance your standing). If u took calc 1, for example, in the spring then calc 2 during the summer, u would probably only be granted credit in the system for the spring course. However, when submitting an equivalency request on ASK, u can submit it for calc 2, as it just shows up as “Unassigned Math Credit” on banner/ask.

None of this makes sense, but it all will the day before u move in as a transfer

I’d recommend u not take summer courses unless ur studying engineering or something else where u need to get ahead as possibleShould I apply to transfer?Long story, but I’m currently a rising sophomore in college debating trying to transfer to brown. Anyone who’s been a transfer, what’s it like? Were you able to integrate well? What’s the school culture like?Apply don’t regretHonestly, integrating as a transfer was a bit tough. Obviously, you’ll have other transfers and your professors to support you, but how well you integrate at Brown really depends on who you are and how much effort you’re willing to put into it. My single variable calculus was on point, but trying to remember triple integrals, stokes theorem, and divergence theorem was a bit difficult after transferring to Brown, but at the end of the day, I have no regrets.Can't answer the questions about being a transfer, but school culture wise people tend to be pretty cool! Open Curriculum's a big deal here, and means a lot people will concentrate in one area but also have another major interest that they don't want to give up (for e.g. being pre-med + humanities, learning another language - we have 15-20+ here, taking classes at RISD etc.) I'm not really involved in the party scene on-campus, but weekly parties do exist if that is your thing. Greek life is also not super huge like some other schools which is nice, and the program house system is decently varied (technology house, cultural houses, sub-free/recovery community etc.) There's also a club for almost everything (music, acting, pre-professional etc.) -- and you can always make your own if you don't see one.

&#x200B;

In terms of classes, for the most part they tend to be more collaborative than competitive (from a pre-med perspective) which is great. Most classes outside of the intro sequences (STEM tends to have large lecture-based classes) are small, and even STEM classes get smaller at the upper-level or seminar level. Professors are also pretty open to giving overrides if you show enough interest in a course. Having the ability to S/NC any course means that people in classes, especially the smaller ones, tend to be in the class b/c they're interested in the content vs. having to take a variety to fulfill distribution requirements. Lack of +/- and curves (Econ is the only department that I can think of that explicitly caps the % of As they give out, but for the most part cutoffs tend to be lowered vs. raised) also helps with the collaborative aspect.If you did a video portfolio - did you have clips of you accepting awards, with friends, etc.Hello!

I'm a rising senior in high school looking to apply to Brown. I know the video portfolio can be a significant part of the application, but the truth is, I don't keep a lot of videos of myself (out of insecurity).

Most of the accepted videos I found on youtube showcase the student's life as adventurous: they're at their debate competition, and they jumped in euphoria as someone records them winning a prestigious award - or they're watching a sunset with their friends, and the next clip pans to them skydiving off a 10,000 feet mountain.

Unfortunately my life is not as .. adventurous. Sure, I have won awards and did my part to play the "admissions game" (with genuine fun and passion), but I'm a reserved poet who's best friend are her siblings and pets.

I'm afraid of coming off as lame. I'm not extroverted; I don't have too many friends, and I spend my time hiding out in my room, mostly. No parties or crazy football games, cute prom pictures or instagram-worthy videos.

While I do prefer it this way, I'm afraid that my life not being "cinematic enough" would make my app weaker.nah I just made a video of me speaking about a personal quality lol. the biggest tip (at least for 2021-2022) was to not go overboard with the video - like if you search up the rap videos, they are usually not accepted. I essentially thought of the video as another essay I had to write, but this time, I had to speak it.I just did a show and tell of things that meant a lot to me. Things like team photos, my varsity letter, my favorite albums on vinyl, a poetry journal and such. I feel that they really just want to get a grasp of who you are. I did discuss some awards but only if there was more depth to be added to my application than what I had already submittedI prepared / recorded mine the day before it was due.  It was as simple as me in front of the camera talking about three of my interests with some imovie editing to show some relevant photos.  Used zoom to get the footage

A friend of mine basically did the same thing except without any editing— just straight up talking for a minute.I made my video 4 hrs before it was due and just talked about some of my interests and did a small show and tell related to the interests I talked aboutdoes first year housing applications open later in the month?I’m an incoming freshman absolutely scared to miss deadlines about housing… In addition to the title, my other question is if singles are first come first serve? 

Thanks :)Unless things have changed in the past decade, there is no application. It’s essentially completey random minus the survey to try and pair you up with a roommate. Proud Jameson (Keevey) 0 floor alum.I think singles only go to students with accommodations or they’re randomly assigned like all other rooms and they’re super rare. There’s a lot more triples which I was unaware of as a freshman so be prepared for at least one roommate. Our housing questionnaire was available pretty late and we didn’t get our assignments til maybe a week or two before move inOmg same lol,I'm an incoming freshman and I keep having nightmares that I'll be do class homelessLinear Algebra: 520 or 540?I'm interested in an APMA concentration but I'm stuck choosing between MATH  0520 or 0540. For context, I have taken a proof based linear algebra course before, but I don't feel like I grasped the material that well. From the most recent surveys on The Critical Review, it seems like 0540 has better teachers, but I'm also not sure how reliable this is because do different professors teach it each year? I'm leaning toward 0540 because I have some background with it, but I'm worried that if I take 0540 I won't get much practice with application and solving problems. 

&#x200B;

I would greatly appreciate any insight into either course (difficulty, time commitment, usefulness for later courses, etc.). Thank you!Unless you want to major in pure math, do 520. Maybe it was just bad my year but I didn't know anyone in 540 who didn't wish they'd taken 520.I took 540 and it was the best decision, made me go from apma cs to pure math cs.  520 is a lot of computation.  You can get that experience anywhere from any free online resources— just practice practice practice.  What you cant get anywhere is access to a construction of linear algebra from the ground up.  One of the professors in the rotation wrote “Linear Algebra Done Wrong” which is one of the destination textbooks for these kinds of courses.

The time commitment was very managable— it was just reading the textbook and doing exercises and the weekly homework.  Maybe 10 hrs per week on average (homeworks could get long)

It is difficult BUT imo plenty worth itClass of '26 Discord ServerHello, 

All the links for the (unofficial) class of '26 Discord server on the Bruniverse seem to have gone down - I'm trying to join, would it be possible to send a valid link? 

Thank youhttps://discord.gg/n3yrjC2gart classes at browni’m an incoming freshman at brown and i was just curious if it’s possible/ how difficult it is to take art classes at brown as a non-concentrator. i took ap art in high school and would definitely be sad to not take an art class again in college, but from my brief research it seems difficult to get into the VISA department’s classes and even harder to take a class at RISD. any advice/ experiences?I asked this question with more of a studio focused class in mind, but research based classes definitely sound interesting too! i would say i’m more of an intermediate artist compared to someone concentrating in art, do you know if any of the classes at brown are more oriented to people of all skill levels?There are some entry level courses, and more of the upper level and graduate courses expect some prior knowledge of the field of study!Are you planning to take classes with a studio emphasis or classes for research purposes? RISD has plenty more studio based courses but Brown has a few if you can fit them into your schedule!

Additionally, there are a plethora of research based courses you can take as a non-concentrator that shouldn't be too conflicting.There are some entry level courses, and more of the upper level and graduate courses expect some prior knowledge of the field of study!I asked this question with more of a studio focused class in mind, but research based classes definitely sound interesting too! i would say i’m more of an intermediate artist compared to someone concentrating in art, do you know if any of the classes at brown are more oriented to people of all skill levels?There are some entry level courses, and more of the upper level and graduate courses expect some prior knowledge of the field of study!Does Brown rescind acceptance for academic reasons? Does anyone know anyone who has gotten rescinded?I was accepted ED to Brown and am just a bit nervous because it looks like I will finish 2nd semester with 2 Bs, and some of my grades have dropped. Any help is really appreciated thank you so much :)You’ll be fine with B’sthis is comforting🥲I went from A's to B's and C's in HS senior spring. Don't flunk and you're fineYeah don't worrythis is comforting🥲concentration distribution at brown?hi does anyone have a chart with the percent of the class in each concentrationthank youNot exactly a chart but you can find info about student concentrations at this link https://oir.brown.edu/institutional-data/factbooks/degrees-completionsthank youBrown’s personal fitness trainersHey everyone! Has anyone opted for Brown’s personal fitness training? I’m looking at the $550/20 sessions package and am wondering if it’s worth the investment.Omg thanks! Powerlifting sounds like the one that fits my goals. I’m skinny fat with a bad posture so “just lift” doesn’t work for me as I have injured myself a couple time because of bad form. I’ll check out the club!:( i guess they discontinued powerlifting.I’m pretty sure the club is still active, was part of their groupme this semester and it was going. Try reaching out to their Instagram or FB page https://instagram.com/brown_powerlifting?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=Still exists but we don't really meet or anything lolI would highly recommend joining a student group like the Running Club or Powerlifting Club! It’s a great way to meet other people at the school, its extremely cheap just semester dues and gives you a solid foundation of exerciseI've had one a few year ago to get me started on my fitness journey, been training myself ever since.

Depending on what your goal is, I would try to find out which trainer might have a specialty that comes your way. Example: you want to learn kettle bells -> find a trainer who has a certificate in that (there is one dude, don't know his name, but he told me he has a special qualification).

It would really depend on the trainer, but I would assume they are all decent. But it depends on your goals...Omg thanks! Powerlifting sounds like the one that fits my goals. I’m skinny fat with a bad posture so “just lift” doesn’t work for me as I have injured myself a couple time because of bad form. I’ll check out the club!I’m pretty sure the club is still active, was part of their groupme this semester and it was going. Try reaching out to their Instagram or FB page https://instagram.com/brown_powerlifting?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=Still exists but we don't really meet or anything lol:( i guess they discontinued powerlifting.I’m pretty sure the club is still active, was part of their groupme this semester and it was going. Try reaching out to their Instagram or FB page https://instagram.com/brown_powerlifting?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=Still exists but we don't really meet or anything lolBrown transfer waitlist….Do anyone know how many get off the transfer waitlist at brown.? When do they get back?  
any info will help….

thanksAdvice on courses/ workload!!!Hey guys!

So I’m an (international) incoming freshman and was just going through the classes - do y’all think I should take 5 classes or stick to 4? Was choosing between: 
1. Econ - 110 (have a 5 in ap micro and 4 in macro)
2. Math 90/100 (not sure what to take)
3. CS 111 as I have no experience in it and think that it’ll be easier than 150? Plus I don't wanna spend too much time on it.
4. IAPA 110/Pols 10/400. (4 in ap comp gov if that matters)
5. ENGN 0090 (Entrepreneurship)

Do y’all think this is too much work or is it manageable? Was also wondering if taking the entrepreneurship course in my 1st semester wasn’t worth it as I’ll have a long time before I would possibly declare it as a certificate and idk I might even double concentrate! Any advice would be helpful!

Ideally, econ 110, math 100, cs 111, iapa 110 and engn 90. Potential concentrations are econ/econ apma/iapa/pols (dont think so as iapa is way more open)/something else?

Thanks!Do 4 and gauge your work-life balance afterward.I think that’s fair, thanks!Some people take 5 courses and are okay. I would highly recommend against doing so as a first semester freshman. I know far too many freshmen who have taken on too much work in their first semester and regretted it. Take 4 first, see how you do, then if you have enough free time your first semester, do 5 in the spring.Filling in for IAPA 0110 -- it focuses mostly on the US policy-making process, more in line with AP US Gov than Comp Gov (though I imagine there's some overlap in terms of institutions/elections/etc). Workload is very manageable as long as you do the readings consistently!ENGN 9 - I’m not sure how final grades are assigned in this class, but it’s super easy imo but useful nonetheless. It also isn’t “entrepreneurship.” If I were to rename the class, it’d be “Intro to Case Studies”

Econ 110 AKA “Principles” - Hard to ace/hard to fail (as with almost all intro courses at Brown)

CS11 - Honestly, this can take quite a bit of your time if CS doesn’t just “click” for you. However, it’s hard to ace/hard to fail. I don’t think anyone fails this either.

Math 90/100 — I didn’t take these here, but I tutor calc. They’re standard math classes. You’re expected to learn concepts pretty quickly. I wouldn’t say they’re hard to ace/hard to fail like other intros because you can fail if you fall behind without receiving help, and you can also ace these courses quite easily if you’re diligent and focus all your time on them

Idk about IAPA sorry :(

Note that u can always take a course and drop it laterDid consider that, but really don’t want to!! I’m as it is not going to get credit for it, as I self studied the AP and have it externally, ig I might as well do it properly with a professor!i would recommend skipping it. principles will be the same material and i wouldn’t worry about the not getting credit for it. it’s useful to get past the intro econ courses as the more interesting ones come later and have intermediate micro and macro as pre reqsYou place out of Econ 110 with those AP scores if that helps with your decision.just skip econ 110 manjust a question as someone who will be afreshman in the fall: should i look at the average ratings of the class? they seem a bit mid in the 3. levelsClass and Profs scores are based on a 0-5 scale and reflect the specific section shown on the pics. Sometimes Profs. change but intro courses, in general, are big by design and have several sections altogether. That econ course has I think over 20 sections so it becomes near impossible to have office hours with faculty. TAs do most od the grading too.

Now, most of Brown classes skew small and you get you meet your Profs. and can see them as much as you want. This makes it so they skew more populat than intro courses.Additionally, [here are the Critical Review of the classes you listed](https://imgur.com/a/kbrdVtK). Profs. change but this should give you a solid outlook at the *average* amount of effort needed per class.I saw nobody mention this, but it’s only May and your decisions will change a lot (with advisor’s opinions, friends’ classes, etc.) so don’t worry about this too much for now. You might even find more interesting classes!
By the way, check out CS19, and try doing the placement! It’s a valuable experience, whether you will take the class or notI think that’s fair, thanks!Filling in for IAPA 0110 -- it focuses mostly on the US policy-making process, more in line with AP US Gov than Comp Gov (though I imagine there's some overlap in terms of institutions/elections/etc). Workload is very manageable as long as you do the readings consistently!i would recommend skipping it. principles will be the same material and i wouldn’t worry about the not getting credit for it. it’s useful to get past the intro econ courses as the more interesting ones come later and have intermediate micro and macro as pre reqsDid consider that, but really don’t want to!! I’m as it is not going to get credit for it, as I self studied the AP and have it externally, ig I might as well do it properly with a professor!Class and Profs scores are based on a 0-5 scale and reflect the specific section shown on the pics. Sometimes Profs. change but intro courses, in general, are big by design and have several sections altogether. That econ course has I think over 20 sections so it becomes near impossible to have office hours with faculty. TAs do most od the grading too.

Now, most of Brown classes skew small and you get you meet your Profs. and can see them as much as you want. This makes it so they skew more populat than intro courses.just a question as someone who will be afreshman in the fall: should i look at the average ratings of the class? they seem a bit mid in the 3. levelsi would recommend skipping it. principles will be the same material and i wouldn’t worry about the not getting credit for it. it’s useful to get past the intro econ courses as the more interesting ones come later and have intermediate micro and macro as pre reqsClass and Profs scores are based on a 0-5 scale and reflect the specific section shown on the pics. Sometimes Profs. change but intro courses, in general, are big by design and have several sections altogether. That econ course has I think over 20 sections so it becomes near impossible to have office hours with faculty. TAs do most od the grading too.

Now, most of Brown classes skew small and you get you meet your Profs. and can see them as much as you want. This makes it so they skew more populat than intro courses.Help with First Semester Course SelectionHello everyone! I had a few questions about choosing courses as an incoming student.  


1) When exactly should I register for courses? Do I just have to add courses to my cart and register or do I need to get my courses approved by an advisor as well?  


2) How exactly do you "shop" classes?  


3) I am not sure which CS intro course to take... Should I try out two intro CS courses or will the extra intro course be excessive?  


4) If any of you have experience with Astronomy courses, how intense is the courseload for introductory courses?  


5) Is there a resource that can help me decide what math class might be best for me? I am familiar with the basics of calculus but I'm not sure how well my high-school education will translate to college.  


Thank you so much for your time! My apologies if this is not the best place to post this. Hope you have an amazing rest of your day!Thank you so much!

Just as a follow up to 1) do I need to initiate something on my part? Is there a chance that a class that I might want to take will fill out if I'm late to register for it? Again thanks a bunch for this!nope. you'd receive an email if u need to do something. if u don't receive a lot of emails until the week (or day) before u move in, that's completely normal.

if there's a specific first year seminar that u want that fills up fast, some students email professors in advance to see if they can "reserve" a spot, but i think most people shop around so don't worry about doing anything.

also, brown assigns "mandatory" first readings. no one checks to see if u read them, but if brown assigns the one about its historic ties with the slave trade, it's worth a quick read/skim if u aren't doing anything. i thought it was incredibly interesting and well written

welcome to brown!1) Yes — and that all takes place closer to when school starts

2) Add classes to your cart and just show up during the scheduled time. Do the homework assignments for all the classes you’re somewhat serious about

3) You can definitely shop multiple. I’m sure most people do that but eventually stick with the one they like the best and drop the rest after a couple weeks.

4) idk

5) There’s a placement test. Honestly, college math classes do teach a lot more than calc ab/bc, but it shouldn’t really matter. If you got like a 4 on the ap exams, you know enough of the most important shit to move forward and learn the stuff you missed later.I'm afraid I don't have a lot of coding experience. Will the placement exam have programming related questions exclusively or can I expect some maths too?

Thank you so much for your response! All the very best with your classes!last year the placement had 4 parts spread out over two-ish months. the questions are all programming based but in a functional language that nobody has coded in before so you’ll be more or less on the same level3. If you’d like to take CS at a faster pace / if you have experience / etc, then check out [cs19](https://cs.brown.edu/courses/cs019/)! they have a summer placement (not open yet) that you need to pass to be admitted into the class. taking cs19 allows you to skip a semester of intro cs, but beware it’s a difficult course with a high time commitment. good luck :)You're amazing! Thank you so much! I'll definitely consider phys 270 this fall cycle!Astronomy TA here:

4: The fall astronomy course (phys 270) is more mathy compared to spring (phys 220). The spring course is mostly meant as a course for non-stem concentrators as there’s very little math, and mostly powerpoint/textbook/short conceptual quizzes type of class. For 270, there is usually a lot of difficult math presented, but you are not expected to understand it all. Knowledge of basic differentiation and integration is very helpful for understanding the material, but most of the homework is more about understanding what equations mean and manipulating them algebraically/basic calculusly. The workload is not very high in my opinion (especially compared to intro CS or intro physics). The class is mostly freshman/sophomores so you won’t be alone. Also probably already mentioned, but you can find reviews of it on the critical review.The self guided placement exam was exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so incredibly much! Have an amazing rest of your day!For 5, https://www.math.brown.edu/calcplacement/

Some of the materials there are a bit out of date (sorry) but I recommend the video and the self-guided placement exam, and to send e-mail to the address listed if you want more individualized advice.Thank you so much!

Just as a follow up to 1) do I need to initiate something on my part? Is there a chance that a class that I might want to take will fill out if I'm late to register for it? Again thanks a bunch for this!nope. you'd receive an email if u need to do something. if u don't receive a lot of emails until the week (or day) before u move in, that's completely normal.

if there's a specific first year seminar that u want that fills up fast, some students email professors in advance to see if they can "reserve" a spot, but i think most people shop around so don't worry about doing anything.

also, brown assigns "mandatory" first readings. no one checks to see if u read them, but if brown assigns the one about its historic ties with the slave trade, it's worth a quick read/skim if u aren't doing anything. i thought it was incredibly interesting and well written

welcome to brown!last year the placement had 4 parts spread out over two-ish months. the questions are all programming based but in a functional language that nobody has coded in before so you’ll be more or less on the same levelI'm afraid I don't have a lot of coding experience. Will the placement exam have programming related questions exclusively or can I expect some maths too?

Thank you so much for your response! All the very best with your classes!You're amazing! Thank you so much! I'll definitely consider phys 270 this fall cycle!The self guided placement exam was exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so incredibly much! Have an amazing rest of your day!last year the placement had 4 parts spread out over two-ish months. the questions are all programming based but in a functional language that nobody has coded in before so you’ll be more or less on the same levelAny tips on applying?Hi! I’m a rising senior from TX, and I’m looking to possibly ED1 Brown(debating between Rice) and if not definitely RD. Do you have any tips you found useful applying to Brown? feel free to pm!pm me as well pls with any tipsPm if u wishMe tooI’d like the advice too!!Did anyone get admitted w/o taking 3 years of a language?Saw on Brown’s page that they require 3 years of foreign language, saw elsewhere it was just recommended“While there are no specific course requirements for admission to Brown, most successful applicants demonstrate preparation for university-level studies through a curriculum that is rigorous across academic disciplines throughout secondary school.” 

https://admission.brown.edu/ask/preparing-brown

It should be the first bullet point!Daughter did 2 years in high school, but reached year 3 of the language (year 1 was in 8th grade). But as a junior she moved to a program that didn’t have year 4 of that language. She noted that in the additional information section of the Common App.I did only 2 and got in fineI did only two years as welli did only 2 years and i got inI only did 2 yearsCommencement lineThey really dragged all of us out of bed early just to have us stand in line for an hour and counting... classic Brown, wouldn't wanna end my 4 years any other way :D :D :DMight be in the minority but I enjoyed it. Will miss being a student hereT.TPossible Transfer: Leave Cornell or Transfer to Brown (thoughts/opinions appreciated)hi! sorry very long but looking for people’s honest opinions so hope you will read this!

i am a prospective transfer to brown from cornell and am very torn about my decision (due the 31st). i just finished my freshman year at cornell and am undecided in the school of arts and sciences but lean towards humanities/social sciences/policy.

my first semester at cornell was rough: i didn’t feel like i was meeting people i connected with, the clubs felt really cutthroat so it was hard to get involved, and the school as a whole is very STEM-oriented. additionally, i came from a pretty small hs in california so the size and east coast culture were a shock (not that either is necessarily bad but very different from what i am used to). academically, it’s been a grind but i was surprised that i actually liked that culture (not the cutthroat part but working hard) and have also generally liked my classes and profs. second semester was def better: i met more people/became closer with ppl i vibe with more but still don’t feel like i have a close group of friends that i can count on—more individual friends. i also enjoyed my classes more and joined some clubs i like.

having chosen where i was going in the pandemic (i took a gap year), i do know cornell wasn’t the best fit for me (pre-professional, large) but there are clubs/classes/people i have become attached to and the academics seem to be a good fit (i like the selection of classes and there are some cool majors that seem unique to cornell).

one of the worst parts about cornell is that it seems to be a joke that people hate it. while obviously not everyone is unhappy, there is a vibe of people wanting to get out. in contrast, i’ve been talking to brown students and transfers and visited the campus and people seem to (for the most part) be really happy.

however, i don’t know if a lot of the broader, environmental factors at cornell would bother me as much if i felt like i had a close friend group which may just come with time and sticking it out. that aspect doesn’t really seem like it would be helped by transferring. if anything, that would put me at a “disadvantage” socially.

i do think brown’s location and general environment would be better. in terms of academics for me, the two seem even. brown’s international/public affairs program is very unique but there are also things cornell offers that brown doesn’t.

ultimately, i am not sure if transferring (which would come with its own challenges, period of readjustment, and ofc no guarantee that i’d be happier) is worth uprooting what i have invested into cornell (since life there seems to be getting better as i adjust but also knowing it’s not a perfect fit).

obviously, i feel very lucky to have this choice but can’t read the future so any thoughts would be appreciated. thanks! :)hi! yeah, it def seems providence has a lot to offer and that brown facilities/overall campus resources might be more accessible and enjoyable. thank you sm for your response and thoughtfulness!Incoming paragraphs of text alert lol

&#x200B;

Brown's a very different school from Cornell -- apart from the fact that we're much smaller (both in terms of students & campus size), we're also majority undergrads (4/1 undergrad to grad ratio). Having visited Cornell before, I will say that in terms of nature Ithaca wins hands down -- however, Providence still has places to walk (not hiking trails, however) nearby (India Point Park and Blackstone Park are both within 20-30 minutes of campus. Providence is definitely a larger city than Ithaca, but I'd say that the area where Brown is located is largely suburban (you have downtown Providence on one side past RISD, and on the other the East Side with extremely expensive houses). In terms of safety, I'd say that other than being careful about walking down Thayer at night w/o another person, Brown's campus is pretty safe -- and we have free programs such as SafeWalk (student employees paid to walk students from point A to B at night) and OnCall (basically a free uber within a mile or two of campus, including Walmart) which help. Boston is also relatively close by (\~an hour away on the MBTA, with a weekend pass being $10), though I don't go more than once or twice a semester.

&#x200B;

The Open Curriculum is definitely the big draw for Brown, and one of the reasons why I chose to ED here over Cornell (other one was I'm premed, and I liked that Brown had their med school & hospitals nearby vs. Weill Cornell in NYC, though that's not   an issue for you I'm assuming). I know Cornell has general eds, and while you've probably already taken some of them, the Open Curriculum is definitely great in that for the most part, people take classes because they want to take them and the ability to S/NC any class helps with exploring. Brown does have a party scene, but they're also a relatively large sub-free community and greek life is not super large on-campus like some other schools -- ymmv ofc, but I've met some of my closest friends here as someone who's not super extroverted. In terms of weather it's probably going to be pretty similar -- as someone not from the east coast as well I don't particularly enjoy it all of the time, but campus is really pretty during the Fall and Spring (and the winter before too much snow accumulates).

&#x200B;

The Watson Institute (where IAPA is housed) got a new building which is absolutely gorgeous. The Open Curriculum also makes it really easy to double concentrate or to study something else you're passionate about (take a class at RISD, learn another language -- there are 15-20+ here etc.) While intro classes are definitely large as with any school, most upper-level classes or seminars are decently small and for the most part, professors will give overrides if you show interest.

&#x200B;

I definitely can't say if you should choose Brown or Cornell -- both are great schools, albeit very different -- but if the Open Curriculum and living in Providence is something that interests you, then come here :)hi! thanks for the response! I'm still exploring/comparing the majors at each school but watson is def a big plus :)Feel free to DM and ask away.thx! i'm new to reddit but i think i just sent a chat request, lmk if u don't see!For your goals, Brown seems better suited. IAPA is the concentration you would do here and it falls under the Watson Institute. It has received board approval to become the Watson School in 2 years. It has new buildings and plenty of funding. Its partner graduate program is more competitive now than CIPA at Cornell. Moreover, the grading curves at Brown are very accommodating . No +s or -s, and you can take most of your classes S/NC (pass/fail). Campus skews heavily liberal and sometimes it feels performative but in general people are very open. It is very different from Cornell.

Now, given the above, you can definitely thrive in Ithaca. You are more experienced now and can make better calls regarding the use of your time there.Do ithi! yeah, it def seems providence has a lot to offer and that brown facilities/overall campus resources might be more accessible and enjoyable. thank you sm for your response and thoughtfulness!Feel free to DM and ask away.thx! i'm new to reddit but i think i just sent a chat request, lmk if u don't see!hi! thanks for the response! I'm still exploring/comparing the majors at each school but watson is def a big plus :)thx! i'm new to reddit but i think i just sent a chat request, lmk if u don't see!Feel free to DM and ask away.thx! i'm new to reddit but i think i just sent a chat request, lmk if u don't see!Incoming transfer student visiting Brown this weekendAre there any current students that would be willing to quickly show us around? I know this is a tough ask since the semester is over, but it would be greatly appreciated! thanks!oh, didn't know that was happening this weekend! thanks for the infoIt’s reunion weekend at Brown rn so it should be fairly crowded right nowAnd there's 2 graduations happening. Class of '20 and '22.oh, didn't know that was happening this weekend! thanks for the infoJust. Let. NeW DoRM GO!!!!IT'S GREG

WE HAVE NEWER DORMS. "NEW DORM" IS AN OBJECTIVELY TERRIBLE NAME

We have Wellness and are about to have 2 beautiful new dorm buildings on Brook Street. Calling Greg "New Dorm" is misleading and plain dumb. The place has MOLD AND STINKS — IT'S NOT NEW!!!!

Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk.New Dorm is dead! Long live New Dorm!Varty GregI may or may not have been working at the key office yesterday…the number of people needing keys for “NeW DoRm A” was ridiculousI was one of those people. New Dorm is rank these days though.Are you angsty cuz all the hot old people came back and called it new dorm?Smh new dorm supremacyThat's what we like about calling it new dorm. It's ironicAmennew dorm will never die, "greg" sucksI was one of those people. New Dorm is rank these days though.I may or may not have been working at the key office yesterday…the number of people needing keys for “NeW DoRm A” was ridiculousI was one of those people. New Dorm is rank these days though.Looking for a place near Brown and RISDMy partner and I will be moving out to Providence in late August to attend grad school at Brown and RISD and are looking for a one bedroom apartment if possible. We live in the Midwest so we won’t be able to see if before we sign more than likely. We’re really having a difficult time finding places in the $1,000-$1,500 range in a safe neighborhood. If anyone knows of anything let us know! Thanks!Try https://www.brownuniversityoffcampus.com/Look into the fox point neighborhood. It’s where the majority of Brown students live and is anywhere from a 8-15 minute walk from campus.Summer Sublet on Thayer StHi! I'm looking for 1 roommate in a 3 bed 1 bath apartment at 343 Thayer St for the summer (June 1 - September 1). Rent is $800 and negotiable! This includes utility, furnishing, in-unit laundry, and a great location near CVS, Insomnia, and the Nelson Fitness Center. Please let me know if you are interested or if you have any friends still searching for a place to stay (the time period is also negotiable if you are  arriving later than June 1)! Roommates would be male-identifying.Taking language classes.Hey! I’m a grad student who’s interested in taking German at Brown. However, I’m more interested in passively taking it (or auditing max) instead. 

Does anyone know if we can just sit in the class without enrolling?

Thanks!Email the teacher/department. As an undergrad I know it's definitely possible (called vagabonding, I did it my first year) and I've had some grad students in my classes, so I don't see why it wouldn't be. Depending on the language class it'll probably be too small for you to slip under the radar, but unless there's a rule against it I bet they'll let youFun Facts!Hi, this should be just for entertainment~ I am curious about how you think of Brown. Try to share anything about Brown that you found out to be really interesting or unique. Could be some fun facts, recommended courses, and anything else>Pretty decent color. 6/10 at leastAt Brown, we have the Rat E, but no Rat A, B, C, or D.harry styles sep 10Is anyone else traveling to see harry styles in NY on sep 10? i got tickets but i don’t know how feasible it will be bc on the academic calendar it says classes start on the 7th. Do u guys think it will be possible? Thanks so much and sorry if this post isn’t Brown-related enough, i wasn’t surethank you, thats good to know!!!Just go! Nothing happens the first week of classesahhh hhaha good to know thank you!It’s literally shopping period, unless that changed since I graduated 10 years ago. Have fun! Life’s too short. I miss doing stuff like this… Now I have a job 😭its a weekend so hopefully i wont have any : )Just skip class lolhaha great thank uou!!! also happy cake day!I’m so jealous!!! I say absolutely go. The first week is a joke anywaythank you, thats good to know!!!ahhh hhaha good to know thank you!its a weekend so hopefully i wont have any : )haha great thank uou!!! also happy cake day!Any recommendations for applying?Hi, I am an international student from Beijing, China. I am now in Grade 11, applying this year! I am going to choose Brown as my ED1 school. Currently, I am working on my 2min video portfolio for Brown. Brown is the school that I love most and I feel like I fit in, but I am still feeling a little bit worried and anxious about my application. Any advices from those who have already being accepted? Or simply if you want to pm and chat with me?+1 with this! 

BUT - a word of advice: none of us “know” how to get into Brown. You could very well do all of these things and still not get in. Brown was my ED school and I was incredibly attached to it, but then I got deferred and I needed to reconsider a lot of my priorities. Even though I ended up getting in RD, the deferral really shifted my mindset. Now, I don’t want you to get discouraged or more anxious, but just something to consider for these schools with a 5% (or less) acceptance rate.Yeah, I understand you! I will try my best the demonstrate myself. Thanks for your advices✌️+1 to the comment aboveSure! Thanks about the advice~Yeah, Brown’s acceptance rate especially for international students is quite low😢This is the way ^I’m an intl student! If you have any questions don’t hesitate to ask :)Hi. My advice.
- Be your most *authentic* self.
- Hype up the Open Curriculum/your diversity in academic interests.
- Hook the reader with something that differentiates you.
- Make sure you come across as a solid writer. Someone who isn't writing an academic paper but also someone whose natural voice is sophisticated, if that makes sense.Wow, thanks. Continuously demonstrated individuality is quite important throughout the application. I am trying to discover some aspects of individuality in myself that make me unique. Thanks for the advice.I would say a big thing is don’t try to be everything and everyone all at once. Paint a picture of who you are to the best of your ability using everything you submit in your application.

Obviously I don’t know exactly what got me into Brown but…
I think my essays were cohesive and complimented my extracurricular activities to highlight a set of characteristics that I wanted the admissions group to know about me. 

These characteristics were ones that I had written down before starting my application - I attempted to connect with all of them in each part of my app (supplements, essay, activity descriptions).

In doing this I was able to define myself and then reinforce who I was showing authenticity.

I believe Brown looks for people who are driven, curious, but also self-aware and independent - it is what helps you differentiate yourself and also what helps Brown categorize you.

But overall who knows lol. Just dont be boring. Brown was one of my last minute picks and I never expected to get in. Best of luck!!!I really want to demonstrate myself as someone unique and that by reading my application essays the school can remember me. I am thus trying to discover some of my unique identities and things I did that could describe and illustrate me well.+1 to the comment aboveSure! Thanks about the advice~Yeah, Brown’s acceptance rate especially for international students is quite low😢This is the way ^I’m an intl student! If you have any questions don’t hesitate to ask :)+1 with this! 

BUT - a word of advice: none of us “know” how to get into Brown. You could very well do all of these things and still not get in. Brown was my ED school and I was incredibly attached to it, but then I got deferred and I needed to reconsider a lot of my priorities. Even though I ended up getting in RD, the deferral really shifted my mindset. Now, I don’t want you to get discouraged or more anxious, but just something to consider for these schools with a 5% (or less) acceptance rate.Yeah, I understand you! I will try my best the demonstrate myself. Thanks for your advices✌️Wow, thanks. Continuously demonstrated individuality is quite important throughout the application. I am trying to discover some aspects of individuality in myself that make me unique. Thanks for the advice.+1 to the comment aboveSure! Thanks about the advice~I’m an intl student! If you have any questions don’t hesitate to ask :)Yeah, Brown’s acceptance rate especially for international students is quite low😢This is the way ^I’m an intl student! If you have any questions don’t hesitate to ask :)Question about Gap YearI recently sent in my gap year request form and have some questions. If anyone has requested a gap year before, please pm. Thanks!thanks for your reply. I actually just figured out my question lmao. thanks tho!I took one—formerly Class of 2024, now 2025, feel free to hmu.thanks for your reply. I actually just figured out my question lmao. thanks tho!Should we heckle pelosi to get on national tv?Without commenting on heckling in itself, I will say that doing it just to get attention is a terrible reason to do so.How old are you?I mean, she’s guest judging RuPaul’s Drag Race in this All Stars season!!! Yay!how to find accommodation?I am from India and will be joining from August. I need to know about budget accomodation arrangements nearby the University. I need to know right from the basics. ThanksSame here, please share.I would also look at the Facebook group for brown university housing! You could post in there. Definitely look into housing on college hill, fox point, or wayland, or possibly north of campus in the hope neighborhood. Off campus in my experience is always cheaper!Thanks. Will look in these neighborhoodI will be joining phd program. I am using the discord to find flat mates. Hope someone agrees soon. There are a few websites that I am looking at. 

Thanks for the detailed reply.I will add more info if I think of anything! I made this situation sound tough but honestly Brown is a wonderful place with wonderful people. Your best bet is to get into contact with other incoming students and try and setup some roommate situation. Does anyone have any good info on platforms to meet other incoming students?Honestly this is a tough question. Are you an undergraduate? I’m not familiar with international student policy. Do you have permission to live off campus from the university? I transferred in and basically had to scour the internet looking for a place to rent. Ended up getting a place 15 min from campus (I have a personal vehicle). I don’t recommended this to new students. Parking is annoying and I definitely feel separated from the “school” environment. If you do rent try your best to be within walking distance of the campus. Sadly there aren’t many landlords willing to rent to the younger population as they don’t want their properties to get messed up. I personally had a few refuse to rent to me because I was a college student even though I am older then the average student. Like I said I don’t know your background but I highly recommended trying to acquire on campus housing if it’s possible. If that’s not possible look into Fox Point or Wayland areas.  I know a few who rent there. You should try and reach out on the University discord or other platforms (I wish I could give you links but I’m not familiar with them)  to meet potential roommates as a lot of places are expensive or not single rooms but instead places with multiple rooms meant for a few people. I know there are people on here more suited to answer this question then me come on people help out!!!!!!Thanks. Will look in these neighborhoodI would also look at the Facebook group for brown university housing! You could post in there. Definitely look into housing on college hill, fox point, or wayland, or possibly north of campus in the hope neighborhood. Off campus in my experience is always cheaper!I will add more info if I think of anything! I made this situation sound tough but honestly Brown is a wonderful place with wonderful people. Your best bet is to get into contact with other incoming students and try and setup some roommate situation. Does anyone have any good info on platforms to meet other incoming students?Thanks. Will look in these neighborhoodIf you had to pick one restaurant on Thayer to go to for the rest of your life, what would it be?Title, I want to learn more about what are the best places to check off on Thayer St and where I’ll be spending most of my food money on lolOh thank god, ESP is still there.I actually posted this as an alum who hasnt been back to PVD in a long time lol. I really hope it's still there.it still is. visited campus last year after a good bit of the covid restrictions were lifted and had to get their glorious falafelsI haven’t been back in 17 years…East side pocketsHeng ThaiLove that place!  I always order way too much.Hands down, DEN DEN. Food is so good, portions are very large, and they pay their staff enough that it’s a no tipping establishment. Never had a bad experience.The garlic sauce is immenseAl Shami is new and a complete sleeper spot but they make the best food hands downThe brown bookstore restaurant with the most delicious books about food you could buyBrown bookstoreMike’s Calzones and DeliBaja's TaqueriaAl Shami is the GOAT thayer restrauntTribosVery consistently bad, yesChinatown on Thayer. Very consistent.I would try places outside of campus. Providence is so small that you could easily check out Wickenden st or the downtown area , also federal hill area. There are a ton of great restaurants in provI actually posted this as an alum who hasnt been back to PVD in a long time lol. I really hope it's still there.it still is. visited campus last year after a good bit of the covid restrictions were lifted and had to get their glorious falafelsI haven’t been back in 17 years…Oh thank god, ESP is still there.Love that place!  I always order way too much.The garlic sauce is immenseThe brown bookstore restaurant with the most delicious books about food you could buyVery consistently bad, yesit still is. visited campus last year after a good bit of the covid restrictions were lifted and had to get their glorious falafelsI haven’t been back in 17 years…I actually posted this as an alum who hasnt been back to PVD in a long time lol. I really hope it's still there.it still is. visited campus last year after a good bit of the covid restrictions were lifted and had to get their glorious falafelsI haven’t been back in 17 years…Prospective Transfer: Struggling between staying or going(not sure if this will get taken down because it’s not relevant or too long)

hello! although i know that ultimately this decision will be mine to make, i wanted to hop in to gauge some opinions. 

i’m currently a freshman at UCSD double majoring in  cognitive science design and computer art, and was fortunate enough to have been accepted to Brown. 

i hadn’t expected to like UCSD as much as i ended up doing so, but i’d been on the waitlist for Brown as a freshman applicant, and decided to apply to a few schools for transfer not expecting much. the quality of life in san diego is incomparablely wonderful, and i’d felt like i had really found my group of people in the beginning of the year. 

some more background academically: i want to eventually go into the tech field as a UX/UI designer, and think UCSD could equip me with the technical skills to achieve that. but, my main academic reason for transferring was that i also wanted to pursue an independent branch of tech, which is more ethical design and tech, which i feel like some of the theory heavy courses of Brown could benefit me with.

thoughts on UCSD:

pros:
one of the major draws of UCSD for me is that i can graduate in 3 years total with a two degrees (bs/ba) and a minor, saving me a whole year of out of state tuition. on top of that, again, quality of life: stunning weather, the best dorms and buildings in my college, and just amazing things to do near campus. 

cons:
that being said, i’d only be living on campus for one more year, and would eventually have to move out on my own in san diego, foregoing much of that immediate quality of life. additionally, UCSD’s size makes it really hard to form more meaningful connections with professors, and the colleges themselves can often feel segregated. i also feel like because of that difficulty in forming meaningful relationship, im just another designer produced out of the UCSD factory, where i have faith i can get a standard, well paying job, but won’t have much opportunity to sort of explore the niches that i’m really trying to break into. socially as well, i don’t feel as though i’m leaving much of a community behind, as i was very gradually isolated from the friendgroup in the middle of the year (which is natural ofc!). but yeah a lot of the people i’ve met seem to have existing ties from thruout california, making it a little harder to form new connections as an out of state sometimes, and by the time i graduate college, i’ll only have a handful of friends on the east coast, where i had hoped to originally end up working (but am honestly now unsure).

thoughts on Brown:

pros:
i have always been and still am extremely drawn to Brown for their curriculum and overall approach towards education, and am super excited about a lot of the opportunities i’d want to take advantage of. their open curriculum paves way for a lot of exploring and i’m excited to finally have the chance to take philosophy and ethics classes to really round me out, because while i like learning what i am at UCSD, i feel like i’m neglecting a lot of potential learnings i could get. 
in general tho, everyone i’ve met at brown also just seems really warm and happy and passionate about what they’re doing and id love to be supported and to support that energy.

cons:
as mentioned, i’d have to spend 3 years there (bringing me to a total 4 years of undergraduate education and an extra year of tuition in comparison to ucsd), and i want to double concentrate too, which means that i’d have to squeeze an extra class each semester until my senior year. this in itself is not a huge problem because i’m already taking extra classes each quarter at UCSD, but i’m scared it would limit the opportunities i might have to explore the open curriculum, because i would be solely filling out concentration requirements. another option i was looking at was independent concentration so that i could truly integrate design, cognition and ethics, but that is definitely a complicated route to get everything approved. socially, i am also a little nervous because i’m scared i won’t make friends as a transfer outside of my fellow transfers (which congrats to them too!!). i’ve heard that it’s definitely something you make of it, but just a little self conscious i think :(

in either regard, i’m extremely lucky to be already attending a good school and to have even had the option to choose another great school. thanks for reading through and would really appreciate some feedback!! :)hmm, i def have a part of me that feels that way too, but i think ultimately am glad to have had the time at UCSD (def not a waste!) and also glad to have the chance to go to Brown! thanks for reading thru and giving me ur input :))!!I think you should stay at UCSD. You are almost done with your double major degree. You can still pursue further education afterwards. If you go to Brown then the time spent at UCSD will be wasted.go to brown. The name makes a big difference.thanks for giving your input :’) i do have a lot of qualms about it being difficult and while i feel really appreciative of a lot of peoples’ encouragement, it also feels reassuring to have someone who experienced it admit that it was hard and that i’m not totally crazy for feeling a little anxious! i think i want to give myself this chance, and want to thank u again for giving me honest input so that even as i make this decision, i know what i’m signing up for!Fellow transfer here about to graduate Brown, here's my thoughts but feel free to DM me with any specifics about the transfer experience:

* Brown has a really friendly transfer culture. Most of my friends weren't transfers and either didn't care that I was a transfer, or that made them want to learn more about me. Very few, if any, people stay within a transfer bubble.

* Transferring is hard. Yet, transferring can be worth it. If you're not socially happy at UCSD, yes it might be a great advantage to graduate in 3 years, but would being happier for 3 years at Brown outweigh that? Conversely, if you're happy enough at UCSD, maybe just finishing it out is better than taking the risk of longer years and finding a home in a new school. 

* Never transfer for prestige, transferring is hard, and if you don't have a real reason to leave (specific program, wanting a different social environment, feeling unfulfilled etc) the challenges are going to outweigh the benefits of transferring.

* Many departments and concentrations are very transfer friendly, especially if you're a soph transfer. You should have ample ability to explore the open curriculum to its fullest.hmm, i def have a part of me that feels that way too, but i think ultimately am glad to have had the time at UCSD (def not a waste!) and also glad to have the chance to go to Brown! thanks for reading thru and giving me ur input :))!!thanks for giving your input :’) i do have a lot of qualms about it being difficult and while i feel really appreciative of a lot of peoples’ encouragement, it also feels reassuring to have someone who experienced it admit that it was hard and that i’m not totally crazy for feeling a little anxious! i think i want to give myself this chance, and want to thank u again for giving me honest input so that even as i make this decision, i know what i’m signing up for!Do you get to view your admission file?I’ve heard different opinions. Google says that Brown doesn’t let students view their admission file, but some students have said that this isn’t true.I know a guy who did - I'm not sure if they would let someone who was rejected do it.I am a current student and I filed a FERPA request to see the comments on my application. I was allowed to do it! I was just curious what was said. I'm glad I was able to read them, but I believe they only maintain records for current students, and only for a certain time period.Have you recently applied to college? Talk to researchers about your experience with the college admissions process to earn a $25 Amazon e-gift card!Researchers at the University of Michigan School of Information are conducting interviews to understand how students make sense of the college admissions process.

**Who are we looking for?**

* At least 18 years old
* Live in the United States
* Applied to a four-year college or university (at the undergraduate level) in the 2021 - 2022 application cycle

**How do you participate?**

* If you’re interested in participating in the interview study, please fill out this [5-minute screening survey](https://bit.ly/3rS6zIW)
* If selected to participate, a researcher will contact you via email to schedule a 60-90 minute virtual interview (via Zoom or phone call).
* You will receive a $25 Amazon e-gift card upon completion of the interview.

If you have any questions, please email Cassidy Pyle ([cpyle@umich.edu](mailto:cpyle@umich.edu)).

The University of Michigan Health Sciences & Behavioral Sciences IRB has determined that this research is exempt from ongoing IRB oversight. ID: HUM00216870

This post has received mod approval (thank you!).This post has been approvedWhen do we choose our classesHi! Im a rising freshman here! When do we usually have to choose our classes for the first semester?Yeah, however you should be able to see the courses offered next semester on cab.brown.edu!You may get emails about preferences for first year seminars at some point over the summer. Other than that one class which you might select early, all other registration will happen the day before classes start.Yeah, however you should be able to see the courses offered next semester on cab.brown.edu!German classes at BrownAny advice on beginner German Classes at Brown? Which profs are recommended? Workload?I never took, but I hear great things about it since I considered taking German 110. Most language classes are easy with a lot of work and strict class times.

If u take the intensive version, it would eat ur life in terms of time but class sizes are smallHave all of the upcoming freshmen uploaded Bank Statement and received I20?I have submitted my I-20 request form.Phi beta kappa - worth it?Did anyone get an invite for phi beta kappa? Is it worth it to join?Subletter needed for house on Waterman St.I am looking for someone who would be willing to sublet my room in a house on Waterman St. for this summer. It is a great location across from the Sci-Li in the middle of campus. I need someone to stay there from June-August, but the dates are flexible. The rent is also negotiable as I just need to fill this place.I think you might have more luck posting on the Brown University Housing, Sublets & Roommates Facebook page.Looking for 2 subletters!Hi, posting this here because we are pretty desperately trying to find people to sublet two rooms in our apartment on pitman st. Rent is around 850 each but we’d be willing to negotiate! Hmu if you are interested and want to hear more!Hi! I think you might have more luck posting on the Brown University Housing, Sublets & Roommates Facebook page.i messaged you!Orthodox Christianity at BrownHey guys! I'm an incoming freshman and have been looking into Orthodox Christianity lately. There are not many to no orthodox Christian resources on campus, so I was wondering if anyone on here had any tips or suggestions on navigating Orthodoxy while at Brown or RI in general. Thank you!Maybe contact the chaplain’s office?Hi, I’m looking for someone to stay at my place for the summer (June-August)! Let me know if you’re interested in subletting and I’ll send you more information with details about the place :)Already did! Thought I’d test my luck and post it here as wellHi! I think you might have more luck posting on the Brown University Housing, Sublets & Roommates Facebook page.Already did! Thought I’d test my luck and post it here as wellHow good or bad is CS173?CS173 is offered in the Fall only. I want to know about the experiences of students who have taken it in the past?

How helpful was it in your career as a programmer or a CS student? And also the amount of tangible skills gained from the course.> CS173 was a like an overall booster to my programming style and robustness

this is an important skill in itself!Btw, what CS courses have you taken before 173?CS190 (Fall 2020) -> CS300 (Spring 2021) -> CS220 (Summer 2021) -> CS1730 & CS320 & CS1650 (Fall 2021) -> CS1470 & CS1710 (Spring 2022)I took it last Fall and would highly recommend for CS concentrators. It doesn't teach a new skill that you could list on paper in my opinion (unless you're going into the field of PL), by this I mean that unlike classes such as UI/UX or CS33, you can't summarize in 1 word what you learned ("I learned frontend" / "I learned C/C++ and Systems") -- However, what it does give you is a much deeper understanding of why things work the way they do, which can really help with making your code neater, less error-prone, and helps in understanding the weird edge-cases that might come up in programming.

Overall, personally CS173 was a like an overall booster to my programming style and robustness, but didn't teach me any *new* skills for fields outside PL.cs173 is a good class. I think you would gain the most from it if you already have some experience with other languages, e.g. Java, Javascript, C, Golang, etc. Otherwise you might not understand the context of the class as well, or appreciate the concepts that it tries to teach.  
  
I don't think I gained a lot in terms of tangible skills, honestly. The class is defined by Shriram's personal focus on pedagogy, so you're using a very isolated, sandbox-y toolbox. Still, I think the course provides a solid foundation to enable you to better understand the inner workings of more typical languages if/when you ever decide to do that.  
  
Overall it's well-taught, and if you take it and end up liking it, you should also consider taking compilers. Though, I am biased -- in my opinion, everyone should take PL, compilers, OS, networks, and distributed. :)> CS173 was a like an overall booster to my programming style and robustness

this is an important skill in itself!CS190 (Fall 2020) -> CS300 (Spring 2021) -> CS220 (Summer 2021) -> CS1730 & CS320 & CS1650 (Fall 2021) -> CS1470 & CS1710 (Spring 2022)Btw, what CS courses have you taken before 173?CS190 (Fall 2020) -> CS300 (Spring 2021) -> CS220 (Summer 2021) -> CS1730 & CS320 & CS1650 (Fall 2021) -> CS1470 & CS1710 (Spring 2022)PLME AS AN INTERNATIONAL STUDENTCan I apply for the plme as an international student needing a full ride or just Brown pre-med?? (Class of '27)Yes, I think you can apply to either.Admissions letter and stuff?Hey!

I am filling in my OISSS profile and it ask me to submit an admissions letter and financial aid award letter. How may I obtain them in pdf?

&#x200B;This. You can also access it through ASKI took a photo of mine (physical copy, from the package they sent a few days after acceptance) and turned it into a PDF. It worked for me fine, just make sure it’s not blurry.I just uploaded a screenshot of my letter as a jpg lolThis. You can also access it through ASK5th year DS Master’s?Is anyone doing the data science masters program as a 5th year? I don’t know anyone else in the program and want to get to know some people!What libraries offer mainstream books like YA Romance?Hello,

I’m not a student but I might be coming to Brown to work as an RA for the summer precollege program and I need some help on navigating resources on campus.i'd say the rock, but tbh, it's hard to get a hold of mainstream books at brown.

this morning i looked up "kitchen confidential" by anthony bourdain, which is something most libraries would have multiple copies of. brown only has one copy, and it's missing.

honestly, a librarian's main job is to help patrons navigate resources, so i'd start by giving them a call or going to the front desk if u need help finding something u want to readBrown Gap YearHi,

I was accepted to Brown during regular decisions. I'm wondering how I can request to take a gap year. I don't see any form on the portal.

Thanks!1. log onto ASK
2. navigate the tabs: student petitions -> personal leave -> my leave requests -> new leave request
3. fill out the form
4. schedule an appointment with an academic dean [here](https://college.brown.edu/design-your-education/academic-policies/leavetaking)
5. wait until ur request gets approved
6. "just dont show up"just dont show upEmail signatureHow do I get the email signature that most other students have with the seal and my degree?Copy it from someone else’s signature and update it with your own info. Then the cycle continues.I honestly just copy pasted it from an upperclassmen who had emailed me and then added it to the signature area in settingsCTRL C + CTRL Vthe fact that you go to cornell makes this comment 10x funnierwhy is a cornell person on an ivy sub?Nerdwhy is a cornell person on an ivy sub?the fact that you go to cornell makes this comment 10x funnierwhy is a cornell person on an ivy sub?Can I get in trouble for a 1 on the AP French Exam?Hi everyone! Incoming freshman here. As the title suggests the AP French exam is tomorrow and I doubt that I'm going to do well. In the best-case scenario I might get a 3 worse case probably a 1. Can I get in any trouble for that if I report the score? If it turned out lower than a 3 can I just cancel and not report it if I already said I'll be taking it on the CommonApp? For reference I took 9 AP Exams this year and probably got a 5 on 6-7 of them. Also for some context, my French grade over 4 years of high school has been >97 (our teacher gave a lot of presentations which I do well on with preparation), so I'm kind of scared they might think this as an inconsistency? Thanks in advance to everyone.

Edit: Just realized Brown has on their website that they require at least 3 years and recommend 4 years of foreign language in high school. Would the 1 / no score make them think I didn't satisfy the requirement?It doesn't matter at all. Nobody is going to gaf about your AP scores. I just wrote random shit on AP stat to avoid the "-"/ whatever "no submission" marker they use since it wasn't worth anything, and, of course, it was never mentioned. Come to think of it... I didn't even take 3 years of foreign language in HS (granted, I transferred to a HS in a county that didn't offer anything, so I had to go through the state's online school system GAVS, which itself only offered I and II)Btw, if I won't get in trouble, can I just send in the score along with the others or should I cancel it or somethingThank you! I am just worried because Brown does have a foreign language requirement for high school applicants, so I was afraid it was inconsistent with my grade. I still have a 97 in that class so that's not a problemSend itBrown has a foreign language requirement?"and Foreign Language - at least 3 years, preferably 4 years of a single language."
  
https://admission.brown.edu/ask/preparing-brownWow, I never read that! But that’s def not a requirement I only took two and got in so you should be completely fine.TL;DR: No, as long as you didn’t also fail the class for some reasonHow do you even get a 2 lmao did you only write your name?lmao so to be clear I didn't take the class. I told myself I'd self-study and take the exam. Guess how much self-studying I did in senior springLmao I had massive senioritis and got a 2 on AP CS A after saying I was gonna concentrate in CS in my app. As you can see they did not care :)Thank you!You’ll do fine! Good luck on your exam tomorrow!>Can I get in trouble for a 1 on the AP French Exam?

NoSchool gives AP exam discounts and would want them paid if you don't take the examWhy even take the exam? You’re not gonna get credit at Brown for it even if you got a 5 right? If you’re getting a normal grade for the class I feel like the AP exam is meaninglessProbably facts though, thanks!Lol this sounds harsh but nobody cares enough about you to 1. check your individual AP scores, 2. re-consider, re-weigh, and re-decide admissions decision, 3. notify you of a rescindscion, all over one AP score

Genuinely, nobody hyperanalyzes your profile. They probably didn't even notice how many languages you took.Send itBtw, if I won't get in trouble, can I just send in the score along with the others or should I cancel it or somethingBrown has a foreign language requirement?"and Foreign Language - at least 3 years, preferably 4 years of a single language."
  
https://admission.brown.edu/ask/preparing-brownWow, I never read that! But that’s def not a requirement I only took two and got in so you should be completely fine.Thank you! I am just worried because Brown does have a foreign language requirement for high school applicants, so I was afraid it was inconsistent with my grade. I still have a 97 in that class so that's not a problemlmao so to be clear I didn't take the class. I told myself I'd self-study and take the exam. Guess how much self-studying I did in senior springHow do you even get a 2 lmao did you only write your name?Thank you!School gives AP exam discounts and would want them paid if you don't take the examProbably facts though, thanks!Send it"and Foreign Language - at least 3 years, preferably 4 years of a single language."
  
https://admission.brown.edu/ask/preparing-brownWow, I never read that! But that’s def not a requirement I only took two and got in so you should be completely fine.Brown has a foreign language requirement?lmao so to be clear I didn't take the class. I told myself I'd self-study and take the exam. Guess how much self-studying I did in senior springWow, I never read that! But that’s def not a requirement I only took two and got in so you should be completely fine."and Foreign Language - at least 3 years, preferably 4 years of a single language."
  
https://admission.brown.edu/ask/preparing-brownWow, I never read that! But that’s def not a requirement I only took two and got in so you should be completely fine.Best/worst language classes?I'm an incoming '26 and I LOVE  languages. I intend to learn two new ones by the time I graduate, and I'd like  to start my freshman year by diving into one, but I can't decide between Japanese, Italian, Korean and Mandarin - they're all so appealing. Obviously the actual language I choose depends on a variety of things, but I was wondering if anyone could share some info on which language teachers/classes at brown are the most loved or hated by students, or any other info that could help me decide. Thanks!! :)I second this so hard!! I just finished up my 3rd Chinese class... professors are amazing and really want you to succeed! It's a lot of work, so make sure you think about your schedule.I took 7 Mandarin classes at Brown and the Chinese professors are some of the best I ever hadI took an Italian class this year and loved it! The Italian program really focuses on developing strong speaking and writing skills (which is helpful if you're planning on a study-abroad). The small class sizes help make speaking practice less awkward, and everyone I've met has been passionate about learning the language. Prof. Abbona-Sneider teaches most of the ITAL 0100-0600 sequence, and she's one of the best profs I've had at Brown so far.I've taken the Japanese language courses at Brown from JAPN 0100 to JAPN 0600 and they have been some of the most fun classes I've taken yet. Though there is generally a pretty hefty workload, the professors are really nice and are genuinely interested in you learning the language and more about Japanese culture. The Japanese department really is just a great community and we have fun community events all the time. Highly recommend the Japanese courses at Brown!prof fidler is one of the kindest professors i’ve ever had at brown!!!It's none of the four you listed, but do Czech with Fidler, it's random and it's funI second this so hard!! I just finished up my 3rd Chinese class... professors are amazing and really want you to succeed! It's a lot of work, so make sure you think about your schedule.prof fidler is one of the kindest professors i’ve ever had at brown!!!hopeful waitlist applicantI'm really trying to get off the waitlist. are there any small programs I may not find in my research that I could mention (i'm interested in international politics) or programs that Brown is specifically proud of that they'd like to hear I like?Brown is insanely proud of the open curriculum, so if you could really emphasize how the open curriculum is perfect for you, that’d probably be beneficial (with specificity, maybe draw parallels to your life currently)I've just accepted I'm not getting off the transfer waitlist lolbrown has 500+ student orgs so maybe try one/some of those. you could also look into a specific professor’s research and talk about how you’d like to work with them. aside from that, maybe search for some programs brown does jointly with the providence/ri community more broadly. best of luck!Newly Admitted Transfer Discord?Anyone know if there’s a transfer Discord? If not I don’t mind making one lolwhat’s wrong with a regular discordfang gangI would also be interested in this, let me know if you make oneDoes Brown University have shared bathrooms for girls & boys?For the freshmen dorms too?I’m quite positive the freshmen dorms like keeney have both since they’re larger dormsI live in Keeney and can confirm.  Yes they doSome first-year dorms have single-occupant bathrooms that are shared among four people instead of larger ones for the whole hall; those are gender-neutralAndrews (one of the freshmen dorms) has "all three"... the ones on the wings of the building are split by gender M/F, but the ones towards the center are gender-neutral. Totals to like 12 showers, 9 stalls per gender per floor or something like that. Looking at a floorplan, this might make more sense.Many dorms have gender neutral bathrooms. However, each building also has the “traditional” male/female bathrooms to use as wellI think they mean dorm bathroomsYes. New Watson features shared bathrooms.Does brown university have separate bathrooms for graduate studentsMy freshman year in Keeney we had a unit (floor) vote to turn all bathrooms gender neutral. People still kinda remembered which were originally male and female and just stuck to that all year lmaoI’m quite positive the freshmen dorms like keeney have both since they’re larger dormsI live in Keeney and can confirm.  Yes they doSome first-year dorms have single-occupant bathrooms that are shared among four people instead of larger ones for the whole hall; those are gender-neutralAndrews (one of the freshmen dorms) has "all three"... the ones on the wings of the building are split by gender M/F, but the ones towards the center are gender-neutral. Totals to like 12 showers, 9 stalls per gender per floor or something like that. Looking at a floorplan, this might make more sense.For the freshmen dorms too?I think they mean dorm bathroomsI’m quite positive the freshmen dorms like keeney have both since they’re larger dormsI live in Keeney and can confirm.  Yes they doSome first-year dorms have single-occupant bathrooms that are shared among four people instead of larger ones for the whole hall; those are gender-neutralAndrews (one of the freshmen dorms) has "all three"... the ones on the wings of the building are split by gender M/F, but the ones towards the center are gender-neutral. Totals to like 12 showers, 9 stalls per gender per floor or something like that. Looking at a floorplan, this might make more sense.Cooking on Campus?hello everyone!! I have a general question, as a first gen BIPOC student going to brown will put me in a place where i’d be eating foods that i’m not used to in the lunch halls. however is there a way to cook your own foods somewhere on campus?There are dorm kitchens in which you can cook your own food. They vary in quality based on the dorm itself. Grocery stores are somewhat far from campus, and since first years have to pay for the largest meal plan most don’t cook regularly or at all. It’s difficult to justify cooking when you’d be wasting a meal you’ve paid for.

Different dorm options and meal plan requirements/options mean that upperclassmen cook more often than first years.Depending on what you are wanting to eat - I got some basic cookware and dishes from a thrift store and kept a few staples in my dorm room. I used the cafeteria as a grocery store for produce from the salad bar, a few spices, oil, and vinegar, simple proteins, etc. I'd prep breakfast burritos, cottage pie, crunchwraps similar to taco bell, and a multitude of other foods that I'd then offer to other students that had better notes and understanding of the class material in exchange for helping me study. It wasn't always exactly what I wanted or how I'd cook at home, but I could afford it and take advantage of my meal plan.make upperclassmen friends! Many of us live off campus and would be happy to share use of a kitchen from time to time. Offer to trade someone a swipe or some groceries and you've got a good deal. Don't hesitate to ask! We're nice, and the worst we could say is no. Heck, feel free to pm me here if you want. Also be sure to hang out at the BCSC! There's a little kitchen there and I'm sure you'd be able to find a friend to help you out.math 180 + math 520 placement | incoming freshmanhey everyone, if I took multivariable calculus and linear algebra at my high school, is there a way for me to place out of those at Brown?   


would it be a test or just up to advisor discretion to let me out? is there anyone I can email for a chat/a  test?  


thanks in advance!This is the best answer here. If you don’t care about the credit, just email the professor. I’m not aware of a case where the professor didn’t grant the exception to let the student take the class. And if I remember right, the University doesn’t closely pay attention to details of satisfying the degree requirements….basically if the department advisor approves of the course selection and certifies that it meets the requirements then no one else will ever challenge it and again as this other poster said, they’re very lenient about what counts. I remember an ScB for math requiring some science classes, and I thought it was very clear that they meant science classes outside the math department….much to my surprise, the advisor said “math is science too” and signed the form without any further thought…Sounds good - I don't really want actual credit, but I really don't feel like going through the trouble of the two courses again especially after the extra rigor my high school put into the courses. Would I have to email each of my profs for an override request or just my department chair? When should I do this? (On a side note, when do advisors reach out to prefrosh?) Planning on double concentrating in CS and APMA-Economics!

Thanks for the advice :)You can do it either during preregistration period (not sure when it is for prefrosh) and during actual registration period. You should email the professor for each course you need an override for. 

If there's a class with an enrollment cap which requires the courses you're skipping I highly recommend requesting an override early before preregistration starts. In general, I would request an override through both email and CAB, you can just copy and paste a quick sentence or two about how you already took the classes and you feel prepared for the material. I doubt most professors really care since they probably get at least 100 requests of the sort every semester.

If you find this to be too annoying you can set up a meeting with the relevant department academic dean to try and get placement credits so you're counted internally has having satisfied the prerequisites. Though, I've heard it's an equally annoying process and unlikely if you haven't taken the classes with a university rather than a high school. 

Not sure when advisors reach out, but I assume sometime by the end of summer around august. Don't be too worried about the advisor you get, some people get lucky, some people don't. Regardless you're most likely going to be relying on the advisor you choose when declaring your concentration a lot more than the one you're assigned.

If you have any questions about apma/cs feel free to dm or whatever. I'm studying APMA/CS and Physics.It's hard (impossible?) to get actual credit for it unless you're an actual transfer student. Most profs don't really care about prereqs like math180 or 520 though. I never took either and just email profs for override requests and have gotten one basically 100% of the time. If math180/math520 are concentration requirements then you will have to take 2 extra classes that an advisor approves to replace them. This depends on the advisor but for the most part they are \*reallly\* lenient about what counts. I replaced MATH180 with apma2550 and math520 with math1410.And as noted in another comment, if you do end up taking either subject again, we offer more advanced treatments of them (0350 and 0540) that are more likely to be a productive use of your time if you've seen the material before.I can confirm that the math department doesn't offer a placement test in either course for credit. If either course was a dual-enrollment course (taken at a college while in high school), you could contact Dean Bhattacharyya and apply for placement credit, which would usually only be given if it's ruled a necessity to graduate. But if the courses were not taken at a college, you'd need to either take them again here (which is not ideal unless you think you have something left to learn in the subject) or approach the appropriate people (professors of courses where you need an override because of the prerequisite, or concentration advisors if the course is required for a degree) and ask for exceptions.CS and APMA-Economics, double concentratingSeeing that both of those concentrations will require linear and multivariable it’s going to be hard to find other classes that all the relevant departments agree that you could replace the two classes with / would show your proficiency. I would reach out to the concentration advisors or department chairs to see if there’s a possibility.

Good luck!What are you planning on concentrating in?Brown is gonna want you to take them at a college level if you’re using them towards your degree. An option would be to take the advanced versions of both courses. I think it’s 0350 for multi and 0540 for linear algebra.This is the best answer here. If you don’t care about the credit, just email the professor. I’m not aware of a case where the professor didn’t grant the exception to let the student take the class. And if I remember right, the University doesn’t closely pay attention to details of satisfying the degree requirements….basically if the department advisor approves of the course selection and certifies that it meets the requirements then no one else will ever challenge it and again as this other poster said, they’re very lenient about what counts. I remember an ScB for math requiring some science classes, and I thought it was very clear that they meant science classes outside the math department….much to my surprise, the advisor said “math is science too” and signed the form without any further thought…You can do it either during preregistration period (not sure when it is for prefrosh) and during actual registration period. You should email the professor for each course you need an override for. 

If there's a class with an enrollment cap which requires the courses you're skipping I highly recommend requesting an override early before preregistration starts. In general, I would request an override through both email and CAB, you can just copy and paste a quick sentence or two about how you already took the classes and you feel prepared for the material. I doubt most professors really care since they probably get at least 100 requests of the sort every semester.

If you find this to be too annoying you can set up a meeting with the relevant department academic dean to try and get placement credits so you're counted internally has having satisfied the prerequisites. Though, I've heard it's an equally annoying process and unlikely if you haven't taken the classes with a university rather than a high school. 

Not sure when advisors reach out, but I assume sometime by the end of summer around august. Don't be too worried about the advisor you get, some people get lucky, some people don't. Regardless you're most likely going to be relying on the advisor you choose when declaring your concentration a lot more than the one you're assigned.

If you have any questions about apma/cs feel free to dm or whatever. I'm studying APMA/CS and Physics.Sounds good - I don't really want actual credit, but I really don't feel like going through the trouble of the two courses again especially after the extra rigor my high school put into the courses. Would I have to email each of my profs for an override request or just my department chair? When should I do this? (On a side note, when do advisors reach out to prefrosh?) Planning on double concentrating in CS and APMA-Economics!

Thanks for the advice :)And as noted in another comment, if you do end up taking either subject again, we offer more advanced treatments of them (0350 and 0540) that are more likely to be a productive use of your time if you've seen the material before.Seeing that both of those concentrations will require linear and multivariable it’s going to be hard to find other classes that all the relevant departments agree that you could replace the two classes with / would show your proficiency. I would reach out to the concentration advisors or department chairs to see if there’s a possibility.

Good luck!CS and APMA-Economics, double concentratingYou can do it either during preregistration period (not sure when it is for prefrosh) and during actual registration period. You should email the professor for each course you need an override for. 

If there's a class with an enrollment cap which requires the courses you're skipping I highly recommend requesting an override early before preregistration starts. In general, I would request an override through both email and CAB, you can just copy and paste a quick sentence or two about how you already took the classes and you feel prepared for the material. I doubt most professors really care since they probably get at least 100 requests of the sort every semester.

If you find this to be too annoying you can set up a meeting with the relevant department academic dean to try and get placement credits so you're counted internally has having satisfied the prerequisites. Though, I've heard it's an equally annoying process and unlikely if you haven't taken the classes with a university rather than a high school. 

Not sure when advisors reach out, but I assume sometime by the end of summer around august. Don't be too worried about the advisor you get, some people get lucky, some people don't. Regardless you're most likely going to be relying on the advisor you choose when declaring your concentration a lot more than the one you're assigned.

If you have any questions about apma/cs feel free to dm or whatever. I'm studying APMA/CS and Physics.Seeing that both of those concentrations will require linear and multivariable it’s going to be hard to find other classes that all the relevant departments agree that you could replace the two classes with / would show your proficiency. I would reach out to the concentration advisors or department chairs to see if there’s a possibility.

Good luck!Looking for roommatesHi everyone! I'm looking for roommates with whom I can share an apartment. I have an internship at Hasbro and would love to stay around with some grad/undergrad students.

Duration - July to December 22
I'm a non smoker and social drinker.
I don't mind if other do smoke and have no food preferences.PianosI’ll be at Brown for a research program this summer. Anyone know if I’ll have access to a piano anywhere on campus?Nope, they're still there! All long as you can get into the building you're golden!My information may be dated (graduated 2012) but there are pianos in the basement of the Steinert Center (at the corner of Hope and Power St.).There is at least one in the basement of Faunce available for you to use. There are others but idk about access.There’s one in the Crystal Room (south side of building) of Alumnae Hall in the Pembroke area of campusBasement of Orwig!Nope, they're still there! All long as you can get into the building you're golden!Econ 1090 (intro to game theory) during the summer?Thinking of taking econ 1090 (intro to game theory) this summer - what do people think about the class or  professor Geoffroy De Clippel? Hows the courseload and would it be too fast or intense over the summer?I dropped this class a few weeks into last semester (was a 5th), but it seemed relatively easy. My friend TA'ed for it and suggested the same. It was taught by this same professor. So yes, it seems very doable over the summer.It's a very relaxed course during regular semesters, I think it would work nicely as a summer coursethank you all so much!I enjoyed it a lot, but be warned, since it is online, the professor likes to curve the grades down... ie. a 91 might be a B.LAST MIN SUMMER HOUSING - Great LocationIf anyone is looking for summer housing, I am subletting a room at 116 Waterman St. (across from the SciLi). 

Rent is negotiable and the whole house is available for use through the summer (kitchen, parking spot, basement storage, etc.). Room also comes fully furnished, message me for pictures.

&#x200B;

If anyone is interested, let me know! Thanks.Questions about ENGL 0900 Critical Reading and Writing I: The Academic Essay1. Is this course similar to other schools’ freshman writing seminars?
2. What kinds of papers are assigned?
3. Did you feel like you became a better academic writer because of this course? Do you recommend it?
4. How bad is the workload? Will it overwhelm me too much to take it first semester of freshman year?

Thanks in advance! :)Take it with Austin Jackson if you get the chance. He's phenomenal. I highly recommend the class, I took it my freshman year. Before I took it, writing anything was a terror inducing experience. It seemed so overwhelming to write a piece that a professor at BROWN is going to read and grade. In this class you aren't taught how to write an academic paper, but rather you are taught how to develop your own methodology for writing academic papers. I loved it with Jackson especially because he added an extra degree to the class by focusing our readings and papers on topics related to social justice because it prepared me to participate in conversations about race, power, and privilege[Here](https://ibb.co/FbZZybJ).I took this course last semester, which was also the first semester of my freshman year! The course entirely depends on who is teaching it. My professor was a graduate student, and the workload was extremely light, with only three essays throughout the semester ranging from 2 to 6 pages. However, I’ve heard friends had wildly different workloads, especially with different amounts of readings between classes and logs to make sure everyone actually completed the reading. I would definitely recommend the class, but you should attend a few different sections taught by different professors to decide which one works best for you.Can we talk about terrible On-Call Shuttle experiences?Literally the worst attitudes. Like what did we ever do to them as students?the brown on-call shuttle driver called me a bitch and shot my dogYou sure you’re not just an asshole?Yeah they've been kinda rude in my experience tooWhat I don't like is the inconsistency with the "The shuttle is on the way please go right outside." message. Sometimes it means they're literally outside, sometimes it means they're 10 minutes away.

And then when you wait for them to call you because of this, then in the first case (where they text you when they get there), they call and say "You need to check your phone we've been outside for 5 minutes". Okay, how am I supposed to know that though? I'm not gonna stand outside in the cold waiting for it to get there...there was one time i was getting on the shuttle with a friend (who had called) and the driver was asking how many people and where we were going. given that i was the one entering the vehicle first & my friend was behind me outside the shuttle, i answered for him. driver completely ignores me and keeps asking despite me answering again. it isn’t until my friend speaks up from outside that we get on with the drive. it felt terrible & cried a bit idk i felt like shit just being completely ignored like that for no reason. mind u that was the only bad experience i had with on-call, usually it’s all good :)Looking for any leads to find housing near PawtucketHello people I am a graduate student who is planning to look for accommodation near Pawtucket for my co-op with Hasbro. If anyone has any leads on how to find an apartment message me.What am I supposed to be doing right now?I was admitted Brown ED and I haven’t received anything about paying a deposit, when I’m moving in, housing application and information, etc. I have my financial aid award letter and that’s about it. Should I be concerned or be doing something right now?just to make sure, accepting the offer is just the form on the admission portal right?Yep, that should be it. If it’s bothering you, just send a quick email to the admissions office and double checkBrown doesn’t have a deposit, so as long as you accepted the offer you are good to go. Brown usually sends out the housing forms in June I think, and you get the housing assignment beginning of august usually. You’ll generally get more communications over the summer. You should be able to check the 22-23 academic calendar for class start dates and I think freshman usually move in about 1 week before classes start, but I think it might be slightly different now. Other than that, welcome to Brown!Brown is pretty silent until some emails in the summer and even then the communication is pretty sparse. You’re fine and you’ll get emails about everything you need to do, which is not a lot.Yep, that should be it. If it’s bothering you, just send a quick email to the admissions office and double checkjust to make sure, accepting the offer is just the form on the admission portal right?Yep, that should be it. If it’s bothering you, just send a quick email to the admissions office and double checkIncoming trans/nonbinary first-year issues**Housing**

I don't understand why Brown still assigns first-year housing based on *legal sex*, and why even for gender-inclusive housing, you still can't choose the gender of your roommate. Many other colleges allow a student to choose the gender of their roommate. 

  
**Gender marker on the ID card**

If I [understood correctly](https://www.brown.edu/campus-life/support/lgbtq/transbrown/name-id-email-changes-updates), the only options are male and female, and you can only change it after a legal gender marker change. What???

  
**Name change**

Admissions used my correct name for the acceptance letter and the portal so I was thrilled. But then I got my [brown.edu](https://brown.edu) email with my deadname on it... Great. As a first-year student, I won't be able to change it until some time in June. Even then, without going through the lengthy process to change my ID legally, my deadname can still pop up in different places later on.   


  
Anyone else also dealing with these issues? Any advice?These IT people are top tier 🙏Hi!

I work at the IT Service Center on campus. Brown is very serious about such issues, and we have several systems in place to deal with this.

For example, even without a legal name change, you can [change your preferred name](https://ithelp.brown.edu/kb/articles/change-your-preferred-name-in-brown-systems) in many systems on campus. This includes adding an email “alias” to your lived name which you can basically use as your primary email address throughout your time here. As far as I’m aware, you don’t necessarily have to wait until June to do these things — you can send an email to ithelp@brown.edu / start a chat at any time with your request.

In cases of “sensitive” name changes, like yours, you can get even further along in this process if you contact the LGBTQ center.

In my experience Brown has been one of the most accepting places I’ve been to and I am almost 100% sure you will find other students with similar experiences.Try to get a housing accommodation perhaps to be able to more precisely decide your roommate? You could go through SAS for this or maybe talk to res life first.

I just looked at my ID in case I had missed the “gender marker”. I can’t find anything whatsoever indicating a gender. I’m pretty sure that is an internal system identifier.

I think you may have access to banner a bit earlier to change the internal name / email but I’m not sure. All I can say is that you won’t need to communicate with your current email for a while. Additionally, I think once you’ve changed your name and email in Banner no one should see your deadname in any academic interactions. I imagine it could show up in medical forms or other administrative forms.

I wish you the best of luck!Hi! I’m actually a staff member at the Brown LGBTQ center. I’m so sorry you have to deal with this -it’s something that we have been trying to work in with the university but they’re being really annoying about it. I highly suggest talking to Kelly (the director of the LGBTQ center) to help sort it out, regardless of if you are a current student. As a previous comment noted -there is a system to change pronouns/names independently but it is a little obtuse. I highly suggest you reach out to the LGBTQ Center! You can also dm for more info or if you would like me to connect you!Just want to echo everyone saying to reach out to the lgbtq center!! I’d also recommend Dean Lindsay Garcia, she is queer and very helpful!These IT people are top tier 🙏Grad Student looking for apartmentsHey guys, I am a master's student starting in Brown for the fall semester and I am looking for potential places to live near(ish) to campus. If anyone is looking for roommates or subleasing, please feel free to contact me. Any other information that I might need to know about living in providence is also appreciated. Thanks.It’ll depend on your budget and how close you want to be to campus. The issue is a lot of the good places are gone as the current students scooped them up. However, Ik of some cheap studios right on Thayer that may be available, but I have no clue how the quality of them are.Doing research and applying to be a residential assistant a good idea?I'm doing research here over the summer and I needed to find some housing. One of my friends recommended that I apply to be a residential assistant for the precollege students in order to get free housing and a meal plan. Has anyone done this before? Do you think it's possible to balance the RA position and research at the same time? BTW the lab that I'm doing has no set hours, but I would like to do 30 hours if possible. Thanks!That RA position is pretty consuming. I think it’s full time, and they ask you if you have other job commitments when you apply. I wouldn’t count on it working outVisiting Student ProgramI was just admitted to the Visiting Student Program at Brown for summer session and have no idea what to expect haha. Like what's the vibe of the summer term, how intense is the course load, is the campus still pretty active in the summer, etc.Yeah, I actually go to RISD so I am familiar with the area. I'm more wondering about the work expectations.Campus is dead on Summer. Very nice to walk around though. Half of the buildings will be closed. The few students around are mostly Grad students. No club will be active. Thayer (the main commercial artery) will still be open but with reduced hours.

Not trying to rain on your parade, but Summer @ Brown is very unlike regular Brown. Check CAB and see the courses available.Yeah, I actually go to RISD so I am familiar with the area. I'm more wondering about the work expectations.NervousI was recently admitted to Brown, and I am so incredibly excited and grateful for the opportunities that Brown will give me. I am however also incredibly nervous for ivy leauge academics, as I come from a very rual town in Texas so my high school isn't all that great. I'm just worried I might drown in the course difficulty, any advice?U earned ur spot here - ur ready for itStudy with friends, take advantage of office hours, and look into the different service designed to help students, ie. the writing center. But overall, if you got accepted, that means the university expects you to be able to handle itits not really that hard -- plus, as per brown daily herald recent article: Only 10% of grades given in 2021 were Bs, and 1% were Cs.Make friends with people in your classes. It's 10x easier to do well if you have people you can rely on to study together/support each other. Stay on top of things so it's easier to take advantage of resources like office hours. Don't be hesitant to SNC a class you're not sure about. 

Above all, make sure to prioritize your mental health. It doesn't matter if you get decent grades one semester if you're burnt out for the next four. If things get too tough don't be hesitant to reach out to professors to have a class marked incomplete so you can finish it off later. You can also drop a class at any time before final exams and it won't show up on your transcript. 

Have fun :).Office hours are key. They can make the hardest class and a fairly easy A. Also, for the most part, professors are incredibly chill and extremely approachable if you’re struggling.You will be fine.I’m feeling the same way since I’m from rural Vermont but I’d say if you feel like Brown is a good fit for you, then go for it!Brown can be as hard or as easy as you want it to he thanks to S/NC classes and the open curriculum. If you take 5 STEM classes for a grade, then yeah, you'll probably have a rough time, but that's by no means mandatory for any degree here.Look at course syllabuses when they come out to make sure that you have a healthy balance of work! All of the assignments for the term will be on there and they usually don’t change too much, so you can try to make a schedule that has assignments you might be more nervous about spread out.This school is mad easy. You have no need to worry. There was recently a article released in the school newspaper talking about grade inflation here, check it out: [Brown grade inflation continues to soar, data shows](https://www.browndailyherald.com/article/2022/04/brown-grade-inflation-continues-to-soar-data-shows)no offense but why is ur subreddit so boring and normalfrom cornhell studentnot u apparently robinhoodNope, that’s not it. As some one who went to another school and now goes here, it’s not about having hobbies. It’s just the culture of this subreddit is more serious than it is at other schoolsim an old man okbrown students have more interesting things to do than live on the internet :DGoddam dafuq did i just saw 😩😩😩[deleted]This subreddit is unfortunately not the vibeim an old man oknot u apparently robinhoodNope, that’s not it. As some one who went to another school and now goes here, it’s not about having hobbies. It’s just the culture of this subreddit is more serious than it is at other schoolsGoddam dafuq did i just saw 😩😩😩im an old man okWhat actually gets you rescinded from Brown?Im just nervous (I’m an intl that has IB exams next week 😅).No 😇Used some person's wrong pronouns?I think you will be ok thenHave you committed any crimes since your admission?Im exactly In the same situation man! Only I never sent predicted scores (my school didn’t have them ready). And yea I’m aiming at a 35+ and hopefully that’ll be fine!I think if you didn't send predicted scores in the first place then like what will they have to go off of.... ;) I think it will be fine, as long as we're doing our best and not completely forgetting about it then it should be alright. Good luck by the way!Goood luck man!!Hi, I am also admitted and taking my IB exams, so I am glad you asked this. From what I have heard based on past years a general think is like try not to drop /significantly/ which to our school is more than 5 points. I had some friends who have gone to their US unis with 41/42 predicted and ended up with 37/42 on the exams and are fine. I think for me at least I will try to maintain but not drop more than 4 points in my subjects. Idk I am just doing my best i guess idk what else I can do hehe.Yeah I’m about to graduate and a lot of people around me were also scared they’d get rescinded for their senior grades lol but brown wouldn’t unless it was a crime or smtIt had to be a really extreme drop in scores to get rescinded, from what I know. For instance, if you go from all A’s to a mix of A’s and B’s, they won’t give a shit. I’ve heard of people getting C’s their senior year and still being fine. An F or two might get the university to act, but at most you’ll just be put on academic probation. 

Bar literal crimes or the university finding out you lied on your application, it is ridiculously hard to to rescindedI'm just going to keep on posting this article from the MassMutual Blog (from an admissions viewpoint, it is fairly comprehensive. You can just scan and get a good idea of the usual suspects).

[https://blog.massmutual.com/post/colleges-rescind](https://blog.massmutual.com/post/colleges-rescind)

EDIT:...and anything else the college finds unacceptableGosh, I feel you lolI think you will be ok thenNo 😇Used some person's wrong pronouns?I think if you didn't send predicted scores in the first place then like what will they have to go off of.... ;) I think it will be fine, as long as we're doing our best and not completely forgetting about it then it should be alright. Good luck by the way!Goood luck man!!Im exactly In the same situation man! Only I never sent predicted scores (my school didn’t have them ready). And yea I’m aiming at a 35+ and hopefully that’ll be fine!Yeah I’m about to graduate and a lot of people around me were also scared they’d get rescinded for their senior grades lol but brown wouldn’t unless it was a crime or smtI think you will be ok thenGoood luck man!!I think if you didn't send predicted scores in the first place then like what will they have to go off of.... ;) I think it will be fine, as long as we're doing our best and not completely forgetting about it then it should be alright. Good luck by the way!Goood luck man!!Question about financial aid at BrownFor current students: Does Brown’s financial aid offer change much year to year? (given that your family’s income and assets have stayed relatively at the same level)

I will be essentially paying nothing for the first year, but I’m afraid I’ll be forced to take our loans for the other years if my financial aid changes a lot.

Thanks in advance! :)That’s comforting to know. Thank you!Sophomore here. In my experience, it really doesn't change unless you have a pretty significant change in income or assets. So if you're paying nothing the first year, you'll continue that for your 4 years at BrownThat’s comforting to know. Thank you!I need help I literally can't decide (Brown Vs Carnegie Mellon CS)Hey yall! I'm still trying to decide where to commit and some advice would help a huge amount!

I want to go into CS and I'm trying to decide between Brown and Carnegie Mellon SCS. I know CMU is #1 in CS, and their school is huge and really cool, but it kinda intimidates me and the stress culture there is pretty strong from what I saw visiting. However, IDK how much of that is surface-level stereotyping. 

I love the vibe and campus for Brown, the location is pretty great for me, it was my ED choice (deferred then accepted), and it seems like a more collaborative and much more relaxed environment. Again, I don't know how much of that is stereotyping and IDK the real difference in rigor/stress. I'm not a mega open-curriculum fan but I find it interesting.

I have 2 days so any advice here would mean the world to me thank you so much :)Thank you, I really appreciate it. It has started consuming my life and with 2 days left im a bit stressed, but the reminder really helps.Just want to say that don't stress out over this too much. Sure this decision will lead you down different paths but I'm sure they'll both be good ones.To be honest, Brown hands down. Yes, I am myself an incoming freshman there but it for sure places as well as CMU CS. I know a few people graduating from CMU and life, relatively, is worse. You can explore more at brown and even perhaps do more CS here, not to mention its very strong Applied Math.

While prestige shouldn’t be a deciding factor at all, it is at the end of the day an Ivy and way less cut throat! 

Best of luck!That's great! May I ask, was there much overcrowding at brown when it comes to cs?not if you take the 19 intro sequence, otherwise the intro courses get up to 300 studentsAfter the intro courses, however, you can expect each class to be no more than 40 students on average. All of my CS courses in my final years were <20 students.I had this choice, and CMU also gave me more money, but I ended up choosing Brown over CMU for a myriad of reasons: I haven’t looked back since. I’ve had internship opportunities at Google, Facebook, Amazon, and others, and had opportunities to pursue top-tier research without having to compete with my classmates. Remember: you make the school, not the other way around. You got in to both, and you take your skills, intellect, and perspective with you. Good luck!Thank you! When it comes to undergrad, I've heard there's a lot less of a difference between the 2 than in grad school. It's something I'm trying to keep in mind. And the liberal arts side is something I hadn't thought about!Keep in mind that these rankings are largely based on graduate programs. If you want to do more research and go onto PhD, CMU might be slightly better as an undergrad choice (definitely better as a graduate choice).

If you want to go into industry and climb the ranks, the superior liberal arts education you get at Brown undergrad will pay dividends. I’m in industry and see it regularly with staff+ engineers and directors+—the graduates from programs with strong liberal arts (Brown, Stanford, etc) are more adaptable to solve business problems, write and argue better, and, bluntly, tend to deal better socially and thus politically (it’s a reality—no sense in hiding it). I don’t see as many CMU grads up the chain except for those in highly specialized fields (robotics) where they’ve broken out individually as uniquely gifted individual contributors.

I’m not uniquely individually gifted so I chose Brown.It is clear you know what you want.  Both are excellent programs, but you love the vibe and campus at Brown and CM is intimidating and stressful.  The answer is there.  All you have to do is accept it.IIRC, Andy van Dam used to tell his research undergrads - do Brown for undergrad, CMU for grad school. I'm not in CS but an adjacent field, and I happened to do just that. It was definitely a good choice for me.CMU's school of CS actually has a lower acceptance rate than Brown, and they are a Big 4 CS school so the market likely equally favors them. Although I do agree with brown also having an excellent CS program. Thank you for your insight!Message me in three years and I’ll get you an internshipObviously I’m biased.  I haven’t personally had great experiences with kids at CMU.  Very egotistical, but it’s not Harvard. I’m sure some of them are great.I would not pick CMU over Brown.  Brown has an excellent CS program.  Overall its a more well-respected school.  CMU is a great choice, but you have a better one.  Candidates from the Ivies plus stanford/mit/caltech get a bit more interest in resume review than other schools.  I speak this as an alum doing quantitative finance (and hiring out of college types).  Good luck!

&#x200B;

Basically CMU's acceptance rate is higher, the market has spoken and they prefer Brown.That's true, I haven't thought of that! I've focused more on main line curriculum courses rather than interesting higher level ones. And yea, it does feel extremely impactful but I'm probably over thinking itYou should also compare the other curriculum requirements. In theory Brown's open curriculum should allow you to take more classes you're interested in as opposed to bullshit distribution requirements or whatever. In practice that's sometimes not the case, unfortunately. Idk about CS but as an engineering grad I ended up wasting a ton of time on classes that I didn't really care enough about to put energy into.

I'm also not sure how much of Brown's culture translates into the CS department to be honest. The program is in such high demand that the whole thing is pretty rigidly structured and impersonal, at least at the intro level. CS office hours you have to fill out a form with your exact issue and then wait in a line for a few hours to get your timed 15 minutes with a TA, whereas pretty much any other major I'm aware of you can just go knock on your professor's door and talk about whateverA but foreboding, but yea I can definitely see that as a hindranceMy advice (what I did when deciding between schools) is to look at the classes offered at each school and see which has more that youd like to take.  If you can, try to visit the class websites / find the syllabi.

As the first comment says— this decision is not as impactful on your life as you make it out to be so don’t stress so much.What do you want to do with your CS degree? If you're just going into industry I don't think it makes a big difference. You can find post-graduation outcomes for both schools online:

https://www.cmu.edu/career/outcomes/post-grad-dashboard.html
https://www.brown.edu/campus-life/support/careerlab/post_grad_data/concentration/COMPBrown.  Period.Happy people are more productive :)> The vast majority of CS classes here are not very collaborative here and is mainly solo work,

??? I only took the intro sequence, but literally every CS17/18 project and lab was required to be pair programming, and people were encouraged to collaborate on problem sets on their own or at TA hours.Definitely CMU, as a Brown CS student. The vast majority of CS classes here are not very collaborative here and is mainly solo work, except maybe if the class has a final project. If you only plan on focusing on CS it won't be easier than CMU in terms of workload because most professors are not very good at lecturing and the assignments can be very vague/confusing. There's also a stress culture here among CS majors but it probably isn't as bad as at CMU.

If you're looking for an "easy way" to study CS you're not any better off here than at CMU, and if you're looking to actually learn CS you're better off at CMU. 

An egregious example of this is the dean of the CS  department who teaches the Intro Systems class. This class is unironically, 90+% stolen content from the Intro Systems class at CMU... The assignments and labs are pretty much exactly the same except modification of some helper functions or making it harder for no reason. The lectures were also really confusing and the dean is not a very good lecturer. Essentially, our version of the class is a strict downgrade from the CMU version.Thank you, I really appreciate it. It has started consuming my life and with 2 days left im a bit stressed, but the reminder really helps.not if you take the 19 intro sequence, otherwise the intro courses get up to 300 studentsAfter the intro courses, however, you can expect each class to be no more than 40 students on average. All of my CS courses in my final years were <20 students.That's great! May I ask, was there much overcrowding at brown when it comes to cs?Thank you! When it comes to undergrad, I've heard there's a lot less of a difference between the 2 than in grad school. It's something I'm trying to keep in mind. And the liberal arts side is something I hadn't thought about!Message me in three years and I’ll get you an internshipObviously I’m biased.  I haven’t personally had great experiences with kids at CMU.  Very egotistical, but it’s not Harvard. I’m sure some of them are great.CMU's school of CS actually has a lower acceptance rate than Brown, and they are a Big 4 CS school so the market likely equally favors them. Although I do agree with brown also having an excellent CS program. Thank you for your insight!You should also compare the other curriculum requirements. In theory Brown's open curriculum should allow you to take more classes you're interested in as opposed to bullshit distribution requirements or whatever. In practice that's sometimes not the case, unfortunately. Idk about CS but as an engineering grad I ended up wasting a ton of time on classes that I didn't really care enough about to put energy into.

I'm also not sure how much of Brown's culture translates into the CS department to be honest. The program is in such high demand that the whole thing is pretty rigidly structured and impersonal, at least at the intro level. CS office hours you have to fill out a form with your exact issue and then wait in a line for a few hours to get your timed 15 minutes with a TA, whereas pretty much any other major I'm aware of you can just go knock on your professor's door and talk about whateverA but foreboding, but yea I can definitely see that as a hindranceThat's true, I haven't thought of that! I've focused more on main line curriculum courses rather than interesting higher level ones. And yea, it does feel extremely impactful but I'm probably over thinking it> The vast majority of CS classes here are not very collaborative here and is mainly solo work,

??? I only took the intro sequence, but literally every CS17/18 project and lab was required to be pair programming, and people were encouraged to collaborate on problem sets on their own or at TA hours.After the intro courses, however, you can expect each class to be no more than 40 students on average. All of my CS courses in my final years were <20 students.not if you take the 19 intro sequence, otherwise the intro courses get up to 300 studentsMessage me in three years and I’ll get you an internshipObviously I’m biased.  I haven’t personally had great experiences with kids at CMU.  Very egotistical, but it’s not Harvard. I’m sure some of them are great.A but foreboding, but yea I can definitely see that as a hindranceYou should also compare the other curriculum requirements. In theory Brown's open curriculum should allow you to take more classes you're interested in as opposed to bullshit distribution requirements or whatever. In practice that's sometimes not the case, unfortunately. Idk about CS but as an engineering grad I ended up wasting a ton of time on classes that I didn't really care enough about to put energy into.

I'm also not sure how much of Brown's culture translates into the CS department to be honest. The program is in such high demand that the whole thing is pretty rigidly structured and impersonal, at least at the intro level. CS office hours you have to fill out a form with your exact issue and then wait in a line for a few hours to get your timed 15 minutes with a TA, whereas pretty much any other major I'm aware of you can just go knock on your professor's door and talk about whateverAfter the intro courses, however, you can expect each class to be no more than 40 students on average. All of my CS courses in my final years were <20 students.A but foreboding, but yea I can definitely see that as a hindranceAny Advice? - Duke Vs. Brown Vs. UPennHello! I know responses will be biased since I'm posting here, but I'd love some last-minute college decision advice!

I plan on majoring in political science or public policy and hopefully completing health care policy research as an undergraduate student. I currently plan on entering law school after undergrad.

Leaning towards Duke (\~15k/yr):

Pros:

* There is a dedicated school of public policy
* Strong social scene / sports culture
* Loved the campus when I visited
* Top-notch alumni network
* Southern

Cons:

* Most expensive option
* Not an Ivy - idk if that's a huge deal?

Brown (\~13k/yr):

Pros:

* Very collaborative culture
* The open curriculum is appealing - can explore interests
* Excellent law school placement

Cons:

* It has the weakest name of the 3?
* Strong drug presence worries me

UPenn CAS (\~12k/yr):

Pros:

* Houses a strong law school and has great law school placement
* Cheapest of the 3 by a little bit
* Selected for Benjamin Franklin Scholars program - interesting interdisciplinary seminars
* Strongest name

Cons:

* When I visited the campus and talked to current students, I couldn't shake the feeling that everyone wanted to be at Wharton.
* Internal divisions within the student body (Wharton vs. everyone else) seemed much more prevalent than at other schools.

Other schools I was previously considering: Georgetown SFS (\~25k/yr), JHU (\~7k/yr), Rice (\~9k/yr), Williams (\~5k/yr)

Any advice would be appreciated!I see you got into Georgetown, just wanted to mention that if you want to do policy with an international focus, especially if you want to work in the Foreign service for example, that it is a strong option.Go to Williams lol it’s 5k a year and it’s a top LAC broI’d say go for Brown. Drug presence etc is pretty exaggerated and let’s be honest - it’s there everywhere. 

With the open curriculum, you can for sure explore poli sci/ IAPA (basically ir)/ public policy which are all offered as separate majors. Duke might be better for other streams but in your case, Brown hands down.

Might be a bit biased being brown’ 26 but being honest imo.Just wondering - you say brown has “excellent” law school placement, but don’t list that for the other two. Do you have any sources that say Duke and Penn’s law school placements aren’t as strong? I’ve looked online for law school placements by school, but have only ever found Brown’s. 50+% make it to T14s, and 20+% make it HYS, which is pretty remarkable, but I’m yet to find similar statistics for other colleges. Thanks!I don’t think the “large drug presence” statement is valid. Every college has an ample amount of substances, and it’s not like Brown is an exception or has a rampant drug problem. Additionally, your proximity to substances really depends on the people you associate with. Your decision to engage with substances or not will not hinder your social, academic, or professional life at Brown.The “drug presence” isn’t any larger than any other school. Don’t be naive.Almost all of Penn's graduate programs in everything besides Wharton rank in the top 10 or 5 or even 3 without fail, including its law school; how in the world is that not world class, especially in comparison to institutions like Brown or Duke that can't say the same?

Not to mention OP is interested in healthcare policy when Penn has the Perelman School of Medicine, and Penn also has the Perry World House and internship opportunities like Penn in Washington[Penn Fels says hi](https://www.inquirer.com/philly/education/fels-institute-university-pennsylvania-changes-ivy-rankings-director-replaced-20180618.html). It used to be ranked in the 50s, now its [unranked](https://www.usnews.com/best-graduate-schools/top-public-affairs-schools/public-affairs-rankings?int=9e2208). How about [Public Health rankings in the 30s](https://www.usnews.com/best-graduate-schools/top-health-schools/public-health-rankings)? Perelman doesn't do healthcare policy, their Public Health department does. 

How about [Penn's online-only CS masters](https://platform.onlinelearning.upenn.edu/offering/master-of-computer-and-information-technology-a0Q2E00000Jnj9CUAR) that cannot take in-person classes nor participate in on-campus recruiting?

Note: Penn *does* have some great schools, but for OPs situation it seems suboptimal to attend Penn.The polisci department is housed in the Perelman Center, the Fels School is for government which is not really the same thing

Fels is also practically irrelevant on campus and much of the public policy and polisci activity happening on campus happens in either Wharton or the Perry World House, and not to mention that non-Wharton students still have access to Wharton classes and faculty members along with events and fellowships at the Perry Word House

The link you gave for the online-only CS masters is also misleading because Penn does have an incredibly well-known (in-person??) CS masters program that's known to be stronger than that of other schools like Columbia

There's a clear difference between an online masters and a more typical in-person masters program

It's not about a specific public health department at Penn I'm referring to when I talk about Perelman, it's the fact that Penn has a world-class hospital system right next to campus as well as a bunch of stipended medical research positions for undergrads of any year

There's also public health figures both within Penn Medicine as well as Wharton that you can have access to as a Penn student

&#x200B;

I was responding specifically to the statement that non-Wharton Penn somehow isn't world-class, but even besides that Penn is a great place to be for what OP is interested in, especially if they want options and decide that law school might not be for them in the futureGtown SFS is a great school with a world class alumni network.

Now, RE Brown, it has the Watson Institute which houses IAPA concentrators and Graduate Students. Similar to Duke but better funding and buildings. There IS a very large drug presence on campus but you can counter that by requesting substance-free housing and not partaking.

Penn is world class when Wharton is included. Else, you have better choices.You’re saying It’s immature to want to avoid drugs? 😂I don't think it's immature and think u/SpursSpice is being harsh. I too would be uncomfortable if drugs were an integral part of Brown's social scene. However, u/Fall_2022 is right in that it's heavily exaggerated.

Sure, I'd say there are more people who experiment with acid and other psychedelics than other schools, but drug use is far from integral to the social scene in the way football is to a Big 10 school. The drug scene is easily avoidable, so you would not in any way feel pressured to participate.That is reassuring- thank you!Strong drug presence? Are you 12? I’d suggest you take a year off and get some maturity.I go to brown and I’ve never been around drugs. Not once. Whether you engage or not is up to you. Also, weakest name? Don’t base your decision on rankings or perceived prestige. How much you take advantage of and the network you build is all in your hands regardless of where you goBrown doesn’t nearly have as big of a drug presence as people say it does. Truth be told anywhere you go there’s going to be drugs. I honestly may be biased but I would go with Brown because the pros out way the cons more so than the other cons on the list.I don’t think the “large drug presence” statement is valid. Every college has an ample amount of substances, and it’s not like Brown is an exception or has a rampant drug problem. Additionally, your proximity to substances really depends on the people you associate with. Your decision to engage with substances or not will not hinder your social, academic, or professional life at Brown.The “drug presence” isn’t any larger than any other school. Don’t be naive.[Penn Fels says hi](https://www.inquirer.com/philly/education/fels-institute-university-pennsylvania-changes-ivy-rankings-director-replaced-20180618.html). It used to be ranked in the 50s, now its [unranked](https://www.usnews.com/best-graduate-schools/top-public-affairs-schools/public-affairs-rankings?int=9e2208). How about [Public Health rankings in the 30s](https://www.usnews.com/best-graduate-schools/top-health-schools/public-health-rankings)? Perelman doesn't do healthcare policy, their Public Health department does. 

How about [Penn's online-only CS masters](https://platform.onlinelearning.upenn.edu/offering/master-of-computer-and-information-technology-a0Q2E00000Jnj9CUAR) that cannot take in-person classes nor participate in on-campus recruiting?

Note: Penn *does* have some great schools, but for OPs situation it seems suboptimal to attend Penn.The polisci department is housed in the Perelman Center, the Fels School is for government which is not really the same thing

Fels is also practically irrelevant on campus and much of the public policy and polisci activity happening on campus happens in either Wharton or the Perry World House, and not to mention that non-Wharton students still have access to Wharton classes and faculty members along with events and fellowships at the Perry Word House

The link you gave for the online-only CS masters is also misleading because Penn does have an incredibly well-known (in-person??) CS masters program that's known to be stronger than that of other schools like Columbia

There's a clear difference between an online masters and a more typical in-person masters program

It's not about a specific public health department at Penn I'm referring to when I talk about Perelman, it's the fact that Penn has a world-class hospital system right next to campus as well as a bunch of stipended medical research positions for undergrads of any year

There's also public health figures both within Penn Medicine as well as Wharton that you can have access to as a Penn student

&#x200B;

I was responding specifically to the statement that non-Wharton Penn somehow isn't world-class, but even besides that Penn is a great place to be for what OP is interested in, especially if they want options and decide that law school might not be for them in the futureAlmost all of Penn's graduate programs in everything besides Wharton rank in the top 10 or 5 or even 3 without fail, including its law school; how in the world is that not world class, especially in comparison to institutions like Brown or Duke that can't say the same?

Not to mention OP is interested in healthcare policy when Penn has the Perelman School of Medicine, and Penn also has the Perry World House and internship opportunities like Penn in WashingtonI don't think it's immature and think u/SpursSpice is being harsh. I too would be uncomfortable if drugs were an integral part of Brown's social scene. However, u/Fall_2022 is right in that it's heavily exaggerated.

Sure, I'd say there are more people who experiment with acid and other psychedelics than other schools, but drug use is far from integral to the social scene in the way football is to a Big 10 school. The drug scene is easily avoidable, so you would not in any way feel pressured to participate.That is reassuring- thank you!You’re saying It’s immature to want to avoid drugs? 😂The polisci department is housed in the Perelman Center, the Fels School is for government which is not really the same thing

Fels is also practically irrelevant on campus and much of the public policy and polisci activity happening on campus happens in either Wharton or the Perry World House, and not to mention that non-Wharton students still have access to Wharton classes and faculty members along with events and fellowships at the Perry Word House

The link you gave for the online-only CS masters is also misleading because Penn does have an incredibly well-known (in-person??) CS masters program that's known to be stronger than that of other schools like Columbia

There's a clear difference between an online masters and a more typical in-person masters program

It's not about a specific public health department at Penn I'm referring to when I talk about Perelman, it's the fact that Penn has a world-class hospital system right next to campus as well as a bunch of stipended medical research positions for undergrads of any year

There's also public health figures both within Penn Medicine as well as Wharton that you can have access to as a Penn student

&#x200B;

I was responding specifically to the statement that non-Wharton Penn somehow isn't world-class, but even besides that Penn is a great place to be for what OP is interested in, especially if they want options and decide that law school might not be for them in the future[Penn Fels says hi](https://www.inquirer.com/philly/education/fels-institute-university-pennsylvania-changes-ivy-rankings-director-replaced-20180618.html). It used to be ranked in the 50s, now its [unranked](https://www.usnews.com/best-graduate-schools/top-public-affairs-schools/public-affairs-rankings?int=9e2208). How about [Public Health rankings in the 30s](https://www.usnews.com/best-graduate-schools/top-health-schools/public-health-rankings)? Perelman doesn't do healthcare policy, their Public Health department does. 

How about [Penn's online-only CS masters](https://platform.onlinelearning.upenn.edu/offering/master-of-computer-and-information-technology-a0Q2E00000Jnj9CUAR) that cannot take in-person classes nor participate in on-campus recruiting?

Note: Penn *does* have some great schools, but for OPs situation it seems suboptimal to attend Penn.That is reassuring- thank you!I don't think it's immature and think u/SpursSpice is being harsh. I too would be uncomfortable if drugs were an integral part of Brown's social scene. However, u/Fall_2022 is right in that it's heavily exaggerated.

Sure, I'd say there are more people who experiment with acid and other psychedelics than other schools, but drug use is far from integral to the social scene in the way football is to a Big 10 school. The drug scene is easily avoidable, so you would not in any way feel pressured to participate.The polisci department is housed in the Perelman Center, the Fels School is for government which is not really the same thing

Fels is also practically irrelevant on campus and much of the public policy and polisci activity happening on campus happens in either Wharton or the Perry World House, and not to mention that non-Wharton students still have access to Wharton classes and faculty members along with events and fellowships at the Perry Word House

The link you gave for the online-only CS masters is also misleading because Penn does have an incredibly well-known (in-person??) CS masters program that's known to be stronger than that of other schools like Columbia

There's a clear difference between an online masters and a more typical in-person masters program

It's not about a specific public health department at Penn I'm referring to when I talk about Perelman, it's the fact that Penn has a world-class hospital system right next to campus as well as a bunch of stipended medical research positions for undergrads of any year

There's also public health figures both within Penn Medicine as well as Wharton that you can have access to as a Penn student

&#x200B;

I was responding specifically to the statement that non-Wharton Penn somehow isn't world-class, but even besides that Penn is a great place to be for what OP is interested in, especially if they want options and decide that law school might not be for them in the futureThat is reassuring- thank you!Brown Life Hacks?Class of 2026 here. Yesterday I just found out by coincidence that Brown offers subscription for NYT and Wall Street Journal (which to me was super cool!) So I am wondering now if there are more such cool facts for a first-year? Can't wait to hear from y'all!Also, through the interlibrary loan program, you can borrow just about anything -- often including required books for courses or texts that you may want to reference for research papers.  They also often have (or had) textbooks available for use in the library.  I still enjoy looking at the digital archives from the John Carter Brown library.Except there isn't a single Bloomberg or financial terminal around. The rest is spot on.You’ll have access to an excellent library system. Brown has millions of books in circulation, all of which a student can pull. Additionally, Brown has some of the largest collections of various things in the world: medieval books, war memorabilia, and colonial era American books ( though these are held in the Carter Brown, which is….interesting). Many of these are available to students with the appropriate permissionsThanks!https://www.brown.edu/information-technology/software/Can confirm that your Brown ID can take you anywhere in the state on a RIPTA bus.I believe that your Brown ID allows you to [ride RIPTA](https://www.brown.edu/about/administration/transportation/ripta-upass) anywhere as an endless bus/trolley pass.  You can visit the [RISD library and get various other discounts](https://www.brown.edu/about/administration/human-resources/bear-bargains-discount-list).Great! Can't wait to try something other than duolingo lolRosetta Stone! Nice to have if you wanna try learning some language's basics over the summerhttps://library.brown.edu/info/eresources/wall-street-journal/Thank uuuuuuu 🙏🙏Really????Do u know how to activate them because that’s pretty cool and I don’t like paywalls lmaoimho one of the great underappreciated resources at Brown is our subscription to [Kanopy](https://www.kanopy.com/en/brown/), a streaming platform that features documentaries and classic/indie cinema. Enjoy!The John Hay Library has archives of thousands of really cool older texts that you can request to see- a very cool thing not many people take advantage of!A bunch of Adobe products!Also, through the interlibrary loan program, you can borrow just about anything -- often including required books for courses or texts that you may want to reference for research papers.  They also often have (or had) textbooks available for use in the library.  I still enjoy looking at the digital archives from the John Carter Brown library.Except there isn't a single Bloomberg or financial terminal around. The rest is spot on.Thanks!Can confirm that your Brown ID can take you anywhere in the state on a RIPTA bus.Great! Can't wait to try something other than duolingo lolThank uuuuuuu 🙏🙏https://library.brown.edu/info/eresources/wall-street-journal/Thank uuuuuuu 🙏🙏Anyone selling tickets to spring weekend tomorrow?Will pay top dollar for ticket and ID to get my girlfriend and one friend into the concert. Will take a male or a female ticket and workout the rest.

Need an ID and matching ticket, message me if you have!Nice try office of student conductHow much is top dollarI have one for satFinance internships?What experience have students had with finance summer internships during their time at Brown? As underclassmen and upper classmen?which grad center buildings do/do not have carpetconcerned specifically about grad center A if anyone knows!Grad A is all carpet - current grad A residentI live on the bottom floor of grad c and the rooms don’t have carpet but hallway in the suite do- all other floors are all carpetFamily friendly housing recommendations for Brown grad studentHey everyone, I'm moving to Brown for grad school and have a toddler. Looking to find a nice, quiet, new (or at least new-ish) apartment complex. For Brown grad students/ staff, where do the majority of them live? Providence or elsewhere? Is the east side of Providence where most Brown affiliated individuals live? Any specific apartment buildings that are frequented by Brown students and staff? Thanks in advance!I second living away from campus. I’m also a grad student at Brown and have two toddlers and I live in Warwick! It’s about 10 mins to campus but worth it to have a house for cheapYeah, Warwick is the smarter move for cost/safety. And looking back, my wife probably would have chosen this instead—we didn’t know anything about the geography of providence land it’s surrounding towns. 

The only caveat I would provide is to ask yourself what experience you want. Warwick is great, but like any other suburb for the most part. (I still think we would probably choose this if we were doing it again.) if you want the “city experience” with all its ups and downs, it may be worth it to some!If you want to financially survive…you are going to likely need to live in the city (away from east side providence). 

Brown doesn’t know how to cater to families, they are set up for younger singles. The cost to rent near the college is exorbitant. It is tougher living in the city, but this is what most families do and then take the bus (free for Brown students) to College Hill. 

New(ish) is something you are unlikely to find in Providence, anywhere. It is also famously infested with pests! There is a reason the Big Blue Bug is a landmark. 

Good luck!Try Fox Point. Great for families.When I was in grad school, I eventually moved to the Armory District. Rents were about 1/3 less than the Eastside and the building newly renovated. That was maybe 20 years ago. It's probably fully gentrified by now.

Great buildings and houses in that area. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadway%E2%80%93Armory\_Historic\_DistrictOne more thing, there aren't many traditional apartment buildings in PVD. Usually what you'll find is a "triple decker" house that's been converted to apartments (one per floor).

Maybe in Seekonk or Warwick.

Good luck.FYeah, Warwick is the smarter move for cost/safety. And looking back, my wife probably would have chosen this instead—we didn’t know anything about the geography of providence land it’s surrounding towns. 

The only caveat I would provide is to ask yourself what experience you want. Warwick is great, but like any other suburb for the most part. (I still think we would probably choose this if we were doing it again.) if you want the “city experience” with all its ups and downs, it may be worth it to some!I second living away from campus. I’m also a grad student at Brown and have two toddlers and I live in Warwick! It’s about 10 mins to campus but worth it to have a house for cheapYeah, Warwick is the smarter move for cost/safety. And looking back, my wife probably would have chosen this instead—we didn’t know anything about the geography of providence land it’s surrounding towns. 

The only caveat I would provide is to ask yourself what experience you want. Warwick is great, but like any other suburb for the most part. (I still think we would probably choose this if we were doing it again.) if you want the “city experience” with all its ups and downs, it may be worth it to some!let’s discuss the anti ivy league to brown student pipelinei actually don’t know if this exists but i feel like it has to…Even more prominent: the Yale simp to Brown student pipelineFor undergrad I got rejected from all the Ivys I applied to, and studying in Boston I used to shit on and meme on Harvard all the time, and now here I am going to Brown for a Master's 😅happened to me 😳 I’ve been telling everyone for the past four years that I wasn’t even considering the ivies and now I’m going to Brown in the fall lolThis is late but I EDed to a T3 Liberal Arts college thinking that "I was *too* good for the pretentiousness of the Ivies* lol but here I am 🤡Which CS class should I take firstI don't know anything about coding but I want to learn a bit with a few introductory classes (not a CS major), which one should I take first? I heard I can take CS 111 then 112, is that a good idea?Second this! Just wanna add that if you're interested in a career where coding skills might be useful, this course will build a really solid foundation upon which you can develop more "relevant" skills. I'm not a CS major but my research is highly computational and taking CS 111 made the transition to this work significantly easierJust wanted to add that next sem (Fall 22) another and easier course CS100 - Data Fluency is also offered and is a good introduction to computer science as a whole for non-concentrators.Hello!! I also had this question at one point, so I'll throw you a bone.

First off, if you're an incoming first-year, welcome to Brown! :)

As you probably know, there are four possible intro CS sequences at Brown: CS 11, 15, 17, and 19. If you dig around this sub or Critical Review enough, you can find good info on the latter three, so I'll focus on the one I took!

I took CS11 with Kathi as a "non-major." Prior to the course, my only experience with coding was an introductory MATLAB course equivalent of APMA 0160, and overall I thought the course was *okay* relative to other courses I've taken during my two years of college.

The "motivator" of the course is manipulating and cleaning data, an incredible skill to have in any career field. That said, the focus of the course is the same as any other intro CS course.

Like those in CS17, you'll learn the basics of trees, recursion, data types, etc., but not in the depth of the said course. Most of CS11 was taught using a functional programming language called Pyret, which is used strictly in educational settings. I personally found the language very fun but also a pain in the ass considering my MATLAB background. You'll also spend the last week or two doing the same thing you learned in Pyret but in Python (to demonstrate how concepts remain the same across languages).

The course is structured most similarly to CS17 with homework every week and a few exams but with a lot less work. There are only two (kinda 3?) projects that demanded only about half the work my CS17 and CS15 friends had to go through.

The course is awesome if you just want a taste of CS as it is the least time consuming of the four intro sequences (unless you do the bridge that lets you skip to CS18/CS20 instead of doing CS12). It is also the most generous with grading as far as homework is concerned, and an "A" is very achievable for those with little experience. However, don't let this discourage you from picking other intro courses as your first course in CS. I know it's common for a lot of "non-majors" to take CS15 their first semester at Brown, love it, and end up majoring in it down the road, so choose the course with the best flavor (and also how much time you have in your schedule).

I just want to say that *none* of the intro CS courses are strictly meant for CS majors. Intro courses at Brown (Principles of Econ, Geo 22, Bio 200, etc.) are all intended for exploration as you take advantage of the sacred open curriculum (cue spotlight). Take whichever you think sounds interesting! Just know that CS17 and CS19 generally require the most man-hours of the four.

I hope this helps!Second this! Just wanna add that if you're interested in a career where coding skills might be useful, this course will build a really solid foundation upon which you can develop more "relevant" skills. I'm not a CS major but my research is highly computational and taking CS 111 made the transition to this work significantly easierJust wanted to add that next sem (Fall 22) another and easier course CS100 - Data Fluency is also offered and is a good introduction to computer science as a whole for non-concentrators.How is the Pre-Med experience at Brown (without PLME)I was recently accepted to Brown RD for the class of 2026 as an intended chemistry major on the pre-med track and I'm having a really hard time deciding if Brown is the place for me. I know Brown is great for pre-med with the PLME program, but I didn't apply for that so I'm wondering how is pre-med at Brown for those who are not in the 8-year program? How competitive is pre-med at Brown and how easy is it to do research? How are the pre-professional counselors? For those who already applied to med school, do you think that the relaxed environment at Brown helped or hurt your application? Any insight will be greatly appreciated! The commitment deadline is in a week and I still have no clue where I should go :(I’ve found premed to be not too difficult - the orgo sequence and biochem are obviously hard but that’s any school. I’ve found premed advising to be not great but fine - research kinda hard to get but if u email enough people you’ll find something. Not too competitive everyone helps each other out bc curves (grade cutoffs at brown) are usually determined before the semester. Generally people get good acceptances from brown but pretty much everyone takes a gap year after senior yearAre there a lot of engineering students at Brown?Pretty much title - sorry for bothering you guys but I know Brownis super strong for liberal arts, but has some ABET accredited programs (like Mechanical Engineering). Just asking if engineering is popular and what the engineering students are like 

Thank you for any help :)Ohh that's super good to know, thank you for telling me!There are many of them! In general, engineering students at Brown are very smart and kind. Engineering is a lot of work, but because Brown is not cutthroat, the engineering students work together on solving psets, attending lecture together, staying up late studying together, etc. This has led to a very communal atmosphere among the engineering students.Brown has the oldest engineering program in the Ivy League!Ohh that's super good to know, thank you for telling me!list your stuff for peers on Brown campushey guys, since the semester is almost over: if you have some dorm supplies or textbooks you don't need anymore, you can list all in College Souk.

I've been working on this app for a while on my own [collegesouk.com](https://collegesouk.com/) / [instagram.com/collegesouk](https://instagram.com/collegesouk)

It's a free marketplace restricted to students — once you log in with your user@brown.edu email you'll see listings from peers on the Brown campus only. 

There are also housings and ride sharing so if you want to sublet for the summer you can also check it out.. I'm currently on adding services section as well so it's gonna be a place for finding a tutor as well.

I want it to be like a bubble with everything students need, hope you find it helpful. As a broke student myself I wanted to develop something that can help reduce expenses during these 4 years 🤎(upvote for visibility! more ppl means more cheap items for students)sublet available this summerHave a sublet available this summer on Williams Street near Perkins/Young O . We are paying $700/month but have some wiggle room for summer rates. 3 rooms in our unit  - we have 2 units in this house so if you have more than 3 people you can get other rooms in the house as well. Newly renovated kitchen and bathroom in each unit. Fully furnishedHow good is brown CS?I’m planning on concentrating in cs! How good is browns cs program? (Median salary after grad, professors, classes, difficulty, etc.)

Thank you! 😁https://www.brown.edu/campus-life/support/careerlab/post_grad_data/concentration/COMP

https://www.reddit.com/r/brownu/search?q=CS

^ good starting placesFor undergrad, it's very good: https://www.collegefactual.com/majors/computer-information-sciences/computer-science/rankings/top-ranked/bachelors-degrees/VeryHas anyone here transferred from UCLA to Brown?Can I pm you if you have or from any uc?  Thanks!Just did this cycle… starting at brown in the fall. Feel free to pm anytime, but obvi won’t have any brown-specific info yet since I haven’t attended any classes. Go bruins :)Wifi not working in student center?I have to forget the network every 5 minutes and try to reconnect. Is anyone having the same issue with the wifi going out every 5-10 minutes?yeah been like this for a few days. Guest wifi is more reliable I thinkeffect of cancelling ap tests bc of no credit?newly admitted student here, i listed 3 future ap exams when i submitted my brown application: ap lit, ap gov, and ap 2-D design. i have zero motivation to take any of them at this point and i checked the brown ap info page which said that all of those exams count for no AP credit at all. is there any point in taking them? do i have to call or let brown know that im not taking the exams anymore? silly question, but could it affect my admission?Double check with brown maybe, I'd be absolutely (and I mean absolutely) stunned if they careI reported that I was going to take AP Lit on my app and then canceled the test and it was finethat’s relieving to hear, thanks!I did the same thing last year, decided not to take the ap bio or lit tests after putting them as future tests on my app, nothing happened (tho I too was paranoid about it lol). I'd say check with brown for peace of mind but dont stress over it :)the other comments are correct but those test scores *can* help get into other classes, they’re just not guaranteed to. also, there are classes that the prerequisite is something like “some experience in programming” rather than a specific AP score or brown class. it’s obviously very dependent on your major but you can look at classes you’re interested in on CAB and see if any of them want “some experience in writing at the college level” etc that one of those classes fits. I hope that makes sense!that’s relieving to hear, thanks!