I'm a new CS major and I have some little coding experience in Java. I took a Java course my sophomore year in high school--but it's been a while and I've forgotten it a bit after not using it for long. This Fall, I'm planning to take Intro to Java with Blaer while taking Data Structures--is this a feasible or wise choice? I'm planning to practice some Java coding during the summer just to get a bit ahead. But anyone have any advice for me to self-study Java and/or data structures? What were the most challenging parts of Data Structures for you? What was the course load and assignments like? Any online resources that were helpful for you in those classes?If you come across this post I hope that you are having a good Monday afternoon!

I'm a recent transfer admit to Columbia and wanted to ask if there were any transfers on this sub who could answer a few questions regarding registration.

Generally, when would new transfer students register and would it be before or during freshman registration. Also, I've seen a lot of posts on this sub that mentioned the difficulty of getting into certain classes, but usually how difficult is it to get the classes you need (particularly Pre-Health)?

Thanks so much for anyone's help, it truly means a lot!Im an incoming CC freshman, and I was just wondering what an average weekly workload for a STEM major is. How many problem sets, exams, labs, etc. do you guys get per week?

Edit: Im used to getting a LOT of work in high school (e.g. two lab reports of 12 pages, two exams, plus stuff for my other non science classes per week)This is a weird question but I would appreciate any response. I'm an incoming freshman and orientation starts August 28th to Sept 5th. How rigid is the orientation schedule? For example, one of my friends (abroad) is visiting NYC coincidentally during orientation week (and will leave before orientation ends) and I was wondering if there would be a possibility to hang out with them during an orientation day in the city since we never get to see each other lol. From peoples' prior past experiences, would that be possible or is orientation jam packed full of activities and required programming that I wouldn't be able to escape for a day? I was looking at the schedule (more info will come out in July) but it seems like Columbia is planning to do immersion experience the Monday and Tuesday of Orientation week and most ideally, I would need to meet my friend on Tuesday... how flexible is the schedules of the immersion experiences? 

I know this is dumb since I should use orientation time to its fullest extent in meeting people and socializing; however, I never see this friend since we live like 5,000 miles away lol. Any advice would be appreciated!

ThanksDoes anyone know what GPA one should aim for if they wanted to earn cum laude, magna cum laude, or summa cum laude for a BA from the School of General Studies, respectively? I'll be graduating in 2025, but information from this year's class or prior classes would be much appreciated. Thank you!Hi! I'll be working on the medical campus this summer but living right next to the main undergraduate campus. How do people normally commute to the medical campus? And how long does it usually take? Thank you in advance :))anyone knows?Hi! Dumb question but when/how do incoming freshman sign up for classes?Hi,

I’m starting B-school at Columbia this fall and will be living in downtown (around the 34th street). 

What would be the best and quickest way to commute to Columbia from downtown?I am finishing up my work in a lab with a few post-docs, PhD students, and scientists. (For context, I just graduated from CC and I'm going to work in tech.) I don't really want to ask the post-docs how much they make, but could someone give me an idea of the general salary in a STEM group at Columbia? Is the amount set by the university, department, or is it up to the professor?

I'm curious because I am considering getting a PhD in the future and I'll probably do a post-doc, but it's hard to have an idea of income levels as a post-doc because having that convo can be uncomfortable (i.e. people are weird about money.) Also, are post-docs at Columbia allowed to take classes for credit? I know some institutions allow this, but others don't.Hey guys, was looking for a laptop to pick up before starting school this sept, and did some research for laptops good for CS and development. So far narrowed it down to framework laptop and MBA, what do u guys think? I heard MBA has compatability issues with Excel, but being Unix based would be rly good for learning. Would u guys still go with Mac? Also, do u think I should wait till the m2 MBA in June or something.

Thanks!If I’m graduating next may, when is the right time to start applying for jobs?I'm sick of playing alone.any American alumni here that pursued a masters degree / fellowship abroad? specifically in Europe? would appreciate any advice I can get! thanksssGrad student coming this fall, I'm still not sure if I apply for work study (in process) so I am waiting for it. But besides work study, I was wondering if there is actually on/off campus job that is available for fall... I heard of library and gym, and i think we can apply when they open up in fall, but what can be the other options? For my undergrad in other college I would work in dining hall, but seems like TC doesn't have that option available for student. (or maybe I'm just bad at searching...) 

If there is, when should I start applying for it?

&#x200B;

Any comments are appreciated! Happy summer!I live off campus in Brooklyn and to save money I bring food from home. I tried google searching “microwaves at Columbia University” it had a couple results but when I sought out these places it turns out to be false (info seems to be outdated). Does anyone know where there are microwaves located to heat up food, if any? lolAnyone knows what’s going on with grading? Everything is really quiet and it’s been over 2 weeks since we took the final. If you took the class in the past, did it take this long to get the grades?Hey y'all I was making a group for people staying in the city during break?  

I know a lot of people are staying in the city this summer.
A lot of people loose their friend groups. And the campus/nyc can feel a lot lonelier. 


I was forming a WhatsApp group for people staying in the city!  

**So give me a ping if you'd like to join**  

And I'll send you the group link!(so you still stay anonymous)  

Looking for people to work/study, explore the city, cafe hopping, bar hopping, nights out, or whatever with

Feel like the summer is an amazing time to forge new friendships. 

I did something similar during winter break and felt having a group can really help!Hi, potential Barnard transfer here. What is the social life really like for Barnard students, and how hard is it to talk to other kids off campus? I went to a uni in a big college city and could see kids all across different colleges in my area pretty often, and I oftentimes had friend groups from different universities. I would love to have a group of friends at Barnard but I also like being friends with male-identifying individuals (particularly LGBT ones) and want to know what it's like talking to kids that don't go to your school. TIA!^So I am thinking of transferring to Barnard but as a transfer I'm not guaranteed housing. What is off-campus housing like, in comparison to other big cities in dense areas on the coast like LA, Boston, SF, etc.? Being in NYC I expect it to be expensive, and maybe particularly bc it's Morningside Heights, and I don't really know what FB groups to join or what to do lol. Also I heard about an incident where a low-income student started a fire and got her guaranteed housing taken away. I'm curious how one would find off-campus housing last-minute like in situations like that.Does any international student here on full aid gets refunds from Columbia? I just got in and was wondering if Columbia refunds the unbilled items(books,travel,personal expenses) present on the financial aid letter? 
Also what is the student contribution? Do I have to pay it if I am on full aid?
Please feel free to dm me if you prefer.Only asking because I know he encourages auditors and I’d like to get through it at my own pace rather than wait for each lecture this summer term.I would like to ask a question about the Online ALP Essay Exam. Anybody who got this exam can pm me?I’ve looked into third party guarantors but I’m guessing I’ve to pay a hefty fee ( approximately 1 months rent ) to them, to guarantee my apartment. What third party guarantors would you guys recommend?**Edit: Or if anyone knows who would be a good person to reach out in the Environmental Engineering department, maybe someone responsive and who enjoys talking to students?**

Hi! I'm a Barnard sustainable development major (rising sophomore), but I want to major in environmental engineering. Apparently, you cannot take on a SEAS major through Barnard, unless you do a 4+1 pathway which I do not want to do for academic, personal interest, and financial reasons.

I currently have a 4.0, and I have set up my schedule to fulfill all of the SEAS freshman/sophomore technical requirements by the end of my sophomore year. I'm also planning on taking the SAT in June, since I wasn't able to when applying regularly because of COVID.

Does anyone have any advice on who I should talk to/what I should do? I know I have to apply as an external transfer because Barnard is an affiliate school, but I imagine that I can't be the first person to wants to switch into an engineering degree. If anyone on here has been through a process like this, your advice/feedback would be much appreciated! Or even if you haven't but have some ideas on what to do, haha

{the advisors/deans I've talked to at Barnard don't seem to know too much about the minutiae of this kind of process. The departmental heads at SEAS have not replied to my email, unfortunately :/}Does Columbia owe anyone else money? I had a teaching job in fall 2021 (not TA) and have yet to be paid. What’s the best way to escalate the issue?I'm a Columbia student looking to sublet an apartment for just two months in the summer in the City and I'm running into some problems with the documents the landlord is asking me to submit. He's asking for documents such as paystubs, tax forms with social security numbers, bank statements, ID etc. For those who have experience with subletting, are all these documents standard practice for NYC, especially for such a short-term sublease? If so, are there any good ways to protect myself? I guess I'm just a bit confused and worried because I have subleased places before without having to provide all this information. Any advice with this situation would be super appreciated!Current student at CC, using a throwaway acc for obvious reasons haha :)I'm a girl looking to make more friends here, especially fellow students at the engineering school. But I'm open to meeting people from all walks of life- DM me!

There's also a party with a couple columbia students this weekend in NYC. Feel free to DM for details if you're interested in coming/making friends :)

Update: Sorry if I couldn’t get through every DM received 😭 we had a great time and there’ll def be more hangouts I will msg everyone about!! So happy this many ppl actually want to meet here!Can someone please add me to the summer groupMe and or summer housing groupMe? Thanks!!What the title says… I got a D in physics 1402 and was wondering what my next steps should be. I tried looking on ssol to see if they offer it in the fall and they don’t. I was wondering if I could just take physics 1403 in the fall and then retake 1402 when I get the chance?

Edit: I’m a mech e majorI have questions :)I currently live near campus (around 100th st), but am considering moving to around the Chelsea area this summer. I am trying to see if the pros of living downtown outweigh the cons of staying in the current apartment I live in. So far, the only downside to moving that I've identified is the additional transportation and inability to move to and from campus freely. In particular, I am a little nervous about taking the bus after sunset in the fall semester, especially when it starts getting dark around 4:30-5pm (I've developed a fear of taking the subway, so I don't anymore). Does anyone else have experience frequenting the bus from campus to elsewhere in the city after it gets dark? Is it relatively safe? Also, please comment if there are any other cons that come to mind when it comes to moving to a neighborhood far from campus! Thanks!Hey y’all! I’m looking to apply but I wanted to know how easy/difficult it may be to make friends in Columbia. Making friends and socializing doesn’t come easy to me (and I know I have to put in the effort regardless of where I go) so I just wanted to know if it’s especially hard to connect in clubs and in classes? I wouldn’t want to go somewhere that feels isolating as that would very much be very bad for my mental health.To my CU girlies, boys, and everyone else - can you recommend a good spot for a pedi/mani in the area, that won’t cost an arm and leg? Summer weather has arrived and my cracked heel will *not* be seeing daylight until she is presentable again 🥵I just completed my second bachelors at GS! 

It’s a very personal thing and I haven’t even told many people because I already have an undergrad (from a foreign university) + graduate degree in science and a decent job but it was always a dream to have a liberal arts education and major in the humanities. It was intense to study while working full time and I feel mostly exhausted right now..

Just felt like sharing here and see what you think ..was it great to do this knowing it won’t translate into better job prospects or just totally crazy 😄?F u Island Photography and Columbia for allowing such a scam to work and benefit from us!! I mean, seriously, can't they just give us the pictures for free? Like this is the least they can do for us. Still, my pictures suck, and nowhere in hell I'm buying them. 


I just don't get it; who created this ugly and disgusting way of taking advantage of students? (We are going to allow you to walk on a stage for a couple of seconds and then make you shake hand with someone important, and while doing so we'll take a picture of you and sell it for $100 because we know you need it! (INSERT EVIL LAUGHTER).

Why do all schools do this? Do you people even buy from them?


Someone should do something about this. Stop them from doing this, and let us take our pictures without their help!Just curious which cord is which and why the student received itIs it currently published what percent of students at CC, SEAS and Barnard get on the deans list each semester? Also is there a way to find out average GPA per school? Thank youHow do you guys make friends? It seems like everyone already have group. Im so introverted maybe thats why 🥲Incoming SEAS freshman here. Any advice on where to start in studying for compsci? 

Languages that I need to prioritize learning?anyone know if they forward stuff that gets sent to the mailroom after we have left ? I tried to reroute a package from a company but they told me it was too late. also if anyone on here would be willing to pick it up for me and forward it... dm me ? would be huge...I am new to this school. Love to learn more from you.Is there anyone near Columbia who’s willing to sell or donate a mini fridge that they are no longer using. I took one from the basement to put in my summer housing assignment and it turns out it’s a freezer 💀