Pets in Harvard Housing?Does anyone have experience bringing pets into HUH? I'll be moving into a pet friendly HUH building off campus and the pet policy is pretty strict when it comes to breed and size of dog. Is there typically any flexibility with the pet policy?For undergrad housing they're technically not allowed but I knew multiple people who kept secret pets without getting caught. You can also get a sanctioned pet if you can convince admin you need an emotional support animal.This delegitimizes people who actually need service animals though, please don’t do this :cI’m pretty sure you can look around and easily find a therapist that will say you need an emotional support animal. They’ll make it official whether you really need one or notThanks! I don't know why it didn't occur to me to just ask my current therapist. For some reason I thought I wouldn't qualify, but I probably do.Just lie about having it as a service dog they won’t question itThis delegitimizes people who actually need service animals though, please don’t do this :cThanks! I don't know why it didn't occur to me to just ask my current therapist. For some reason I thought I wouldn't qualify, but I probably do.I’m pretty sure you can look around and easily find a therapist that will say you need an emotional support animal. They’ll make it official whether you really need one or notThanks! I don't know why it didn't occur to me to just ask my current therapist. For some reason I thought I wouldn't qualify, but I probably do.10 Everett Street Parking GarageHello!

I will be moving in to HUH’s Terry Terrace and bringing my car (this is unfortunately necessary for my personal situation). I am looking at purchasing a Harvard tenant decal that would place me in the 10 Everett Street garage. I was wondering what the parking situation there is like? Does the garage typically fill up/is it hard to find spots? Are there certain times of day or of the year that I should be concerned about? Anything else I should be aware of? 

The decal seems pretty pricey, but the convenience and covered parking seem like it could be worth it, unless it’s going to be difficult for me to find spots, in which case I would be pretty frustrated to spend that amount. I’m from out-of-state (the south) so Boston/Cambridge parking is new to me as well as the prospects of dealing with it all in the winter. 

Any information/perspective is appreciated—thanks!It generally doesn't fill up, especially in the post-covid world.  

If you can't get a permit there, try to get one for 52 Oxford St.  It's about the same distance from Terry Terrace.HLS Housing InfoHi all! I’m an international student going to join Harvard Law School in the upcoming fall.

I just selected a medium-single room in Gropius-Ames Hall but have heard a few rumors saying the rooms and shared bathrooms are kind of old and messy.

I’ve read all the info available on school’s webpages but still wonder if any current students could provide more living experience and comments? Thanks in advance🥺I also lived in Gropius and this is accurate. The building looks like a prison and is old (although newer than Hastings, another HLS dorm), but it’s definitely not messy. I think the bathrooms and kitchens get cleaned dailyI’m also going to be a 1L living in Gropius next year! Kind of unrelated question - but is it usually hard to find a free kitchen to make dinner in? It seems like there aren’t that many kitchens in the dorms, but I wasn’t sure how many students used them to make dinner on a regular basis.I lived in Gropius for 2 yrs. They are old and give off prison vibes (tiny rooms, yellow-tile bathrooms). But they are not messy as the staff does an excellent job keeping the bathroom and hallways clean (keeping your room clean is upto you though). It is the closest + cheapest option around town, so you get what you pay for.I also lived in Gropius and this is accurate. The building looks like a prison and is old (although newer than Hastings, another HLS dorm), but it’s definitely not messy. I think the bathrooms and kitchens get cleaned dailyI’m also going to be a 1L living in Gropius next year! Kind of unrelated question - but is it usually hard to find a free kitchen to make dinner in? It seems like there aren’t that many kitchens in the dorms, but I wasn’t sure how many students used them to make dinner on a regular basis.GSAS Housing assignmentAnyone know when we find out our GSAS housing assignment for the upcoming academic year? Thanks so much!I remember reading that it would be the first and now the website says the first week of JuneSo we should get an email by the 6th or from the 6th to 10th?That was unclear - I actually wondered the same thing!I was told “by the week of June 6” in an email.The HUH lottery is finished. You had to register by May 1 (I think?) for the GSAS lottery, but results aren’t out yet.Oh that’s great to know, thanks so much!I'm a bit confused by the whole gsas housing situation... I had thought the lottery was finished. Is there still a chance for us to get assigned?That was unclear - I actually wondered the same thing!So we should get an email by the 6th or from the 6th to 10th?Oh that’s great to know, thanks so much!The HUH lottery is finished. You had to register by May 1 (I think?) for the GSAS lottery, but results aren’t out yet.That was unclear - I actually wondered the same thing!Oh that’s great to know, thanks so much!Question about Harvard Summer School 2022I plan on taking Intensive Introduction to Computer Science Using Java(CSCI S-111) this summer and was wondering what the difficulty level is for this course? It's an 8-credit course and I've heard some not so fond information on 8-credit classes. It also starts at 8:30 which is just great. In addition, is there anything I should look out for going to the session? FYI, I'm going on-campus.Why would that be relevant for a summer school class?I was just wondering and it could also help me answer your question.If he's from the UK, the Netherlands, Belgium or France then I'm sure the level is as high as HarvardI don't see Ok-Kaleidoscope-7320 implying in anyway that he is going to base his advise on the OP's "level". Obviously if the OP goes to Harvard,  advices can be given around how this course fits into the general CS curriculum at Harvard.

So relax. This is not a Harvard student trying to look down upon you.For real, some people will automatically assume that because we go to Harvard, we must be pretentious. 

I have yet to see an **actual** Harvard student on here claim that since Harvard is regarded by many as the best university in the world, it is some paragon of academic rigor. In fact, I've seem claims that the academics at Harvard are similar to many other US universities.Do you go to Harvard?I was just wondering and it could also help me answer your question.If he's from the UK, the Netherlands, Belgium or France then I'm sure the level is as high as HarvardI don't see Ok-Kaleidoscope-7320 implying in anyway that he is going to base his advise on the OP's "level". Obviously if the OP goes to Harvard,  advices can be given around how this course fits into the general CS curriculum at Harvard.

So relax. This is not a Harvard student trying to look down upon you.For real, some people will automatically assume that because we go to Harvard, we must be pretentious. 

I have yet to see an **actual** Harvard student on here claim that since Harvard is regarded by many as the best university in the world, it is some paragon of academic rigor. In fact, I've seem claims that the academics at Harvard are similar to many other US universities.Why would that be relevant for a summer school class?If he's from the UK, the Netherlands, Belgium or France then I'm sure the level is as high as HarvardI don't see Ok-Kaleidoscope-7320 implying in anyway that he is going to base his advise on the OP's "level". Obviously if the OP goes to Harvard,  advices can be given around how this course fits into the general CS curriculum at Harvard.

So relax. This is not a Harvard student trying to look down upon you.For real, some people will automatically assume that because we go to Harvard, we must be pretentious. 

I have yet to see an **actual** Harvard student on here claim that since Harvard is regarded by many as the best university in the world, it is some paragon of academic rigor. In fact, I've seem claims that the academics at Harvard are similar to many other US universities.I was just wondering and it could also help me answer your question.I don't see Ok-Kaleidoscope-7320 implying in anyway that he is going to base his advise on the OP's "level". Obviously if the OP goes to Harvard,  advices can be given around how this course fits into the general CS curriculum at Harvard.

So relax. This is not a Harvard student trying to look down upon you.For real, some people will automatically assume that because we go to Harvard, we must be pretentious. 

I have yet to see an **actual** Harvard student on here claim that since Harvard is regarded by many as the best university in the world, it is some paragon of academic rigor. In fact, I've seem claims that the academics at Harvard are similar to many other US universities.If he's from the UK, the Netherlands, Belgium or France then I'm sure the level is as high as HarvardFor real, some people will automatically assume that because we go to Harvard, we must be pretentious. 

I have yet to see an **actual** Harvard student on here claim that since Harvard is regarded by many as the best university in the world, it is some paragon of academic rigor. In fact, I've seem claims that the academics at Harvard are similar to many other US universities.I don't see Ok-Kaleidoscope-7320 implying in anyway that he is going to base his advise on the OP's "level". Obviously if the OP goes to Harvard,  advices can be given around how this course fits into the general CS curriculum at Harvard.

So relax. This is not a Harvard student trying to look down upon you.For real, some people will automatically assume that because we go to Harvard, we must be pretentious. 

I have yet to see an **actual** Harvard student on here claim that since Harvard is regarded by many as the best university in the world, it is some paragon of academic rigor. In fact, I've seem claims that the academics at Harvard are similar to many other US universities.Living/working at HMS this summer, need to park my carI am an HMS intern this summer. I live in Greater Boston and need my car to be able to go home more easily (for reasons). Any long term/monthly, reasonably priced parking options in Longwood? $300/mo is steep :(ok thank youTrying to park affordably in Longwood is unrealistic, but leveraging MBTA parking is much more doable. For example, the Riverside station is \~30 minute ride away from Longwood and has $105 monthly parking rate for its garage.You are pretty much out of luck. Maybe someone can present you with a magical parking solution that I'm not aware of, but I would not count on it. There are alternative bus routes outside of the standard MBTA, like M2, that you might want to investigate more. If you have a scooter/motorcycle there are ways you can get free parking for that in the Boston Children's garage which is directly next to the NRB.It just that my main residence is outside of the city where all of my plants and things are[deleted]not yet[deleted]I’m not eligible for HMS parkingPark in Brookline and go for a walk. I used to park by the church by the Longwood stop. Never got a ticket. Alternatively park at the MFA. Get a membership. Go for a walk. Same with parking at Olmsted. Boston is a lot safer than it used to be.Oof idk if this is possible I’m sorry. There’s no parking anywhereJoin Zipcar if you don't mind strangers using the car. Zipcars are parked in specific Zipcar spots.Are you using the car to do the commute?ok thank you[deleted]not yetIt just that my main residence is outside of the city where all of my plants and things arenot yet[deleted]not yetIs CS 222 doable without CS 124?I know 222 isn’t offered every year so I’m pretty keen to take it this Fall. Problem is I can only take 124 in Spring. Anyone taken 222 and able to provide insight? I’m willing & able to put in crazy hours, I’m just wondering if the intellectual bridge is one step too far to overcome without 124.Thanks for this detailed response! I always had in my mind that 6.006 == 120 and 6.046 == 124, so I was just wondering why 6.006 is sufficient prep? I would have thought 6.046 lectures would be more relevant? But yeah thanks for this!CS124  is like half of 6.006 (no sorting and data structures in CS124) and two-thirds of 6.046 (no cache-oblivious or distributed algorithm). CS120 roughly covers about the first half of 6.006, largely what CS124 skipped for.

From the syllabus of CS222 I think it doesn't have much to do with NP analysis and  reduction, which is only lightly touched in 6.006 but heavily discussed in 6.046 and CS124. That is one big reason I dont think the entire 6.046 is necessary.

You may ask the instructor ("Michael Mitzenmacher"??) or Adam Hesterberg  (instructor for CS124) what are the topic selections you need to prepare yourself for. I think Adam is a better person to ask as he is more approachable and also very familiar with MIT courses.

In your question, ask them specifically if CS222 requires dynamic programming. If it does not, then that is even less prep work as it is quite a significant part of 6.006. Please also do verify what I said above - if NP completeness analysis / reduction at CS124 level is indeed not needed for CS222.

While I think most prep work can be done with 6.006 (under the assumption you will put crazy hour on CS222.. ), what 6.006 does not sufficiently discuss is the use of randomized algorithm. 6.006 is mostly deterministic. You should read separately into them. (quicksort, randomized selection, randomized vertex cover,  Karger's randomized minimum cut, Simulated Annealing for general solution search, etc.)

With your A in CS20, and doing the above additional prep, I think you might do just fine in CS222, and CS124 will be a lot easier next time you take it, too!Ah I see, tysm for this!!!!!I never took CS222, but took CS124 and just had a look at the syllabus of 222. The only way I see this possible is if you do some intense prep study yourself this summer.

\- Watch MIT 6.006 from MIT OCW. In fact this would help you prepare for CS124 as well, and is probably the best preparation I can think of. Especially do a lot of exercises on graph algorithms and hash tables as they seem critical for CS222. Also if possible, write two or three proof by inductions and have a friend who took CS124 look at it for you, to see if they are well-structured.

\- If during your learning of MIT 6.006 you found your math background is not good enough, watch MIT 6.042J from MIT OCW. This covers the required math such as writing proofs, counting and probability.

I think if you take the preparations seriously and you are naturally good at math, then you should be fine. Without prep I think no amount of crazy hours during term time will make up for it. You are likely left behind in the first month and never able to catch up..I've taken 20, 51, 61 so farMath background is probably more relevant here. What’s your math background?Got an A in 20 and I think I'm pretty comfortable in proofs (at the level of CS20). I've done the 121 background check and I think it was mostly straightforward, except for the bonus questions. Been skimming the 121 textbook and it (mostly) seems to make sense so farI was in the same boat with 20 (got an A) and struggled a lot with 121. I haven’t taken 124 but from what I’ve heard it’s worse. I don’t think I’d recommend 222 unless you had a super strong math background.What’s your background otherwise?Ah yeah I always get worried by the disclaimer on the multiyear guide is only an indication and not exactly a confirmation that the course will be held. I am really keen to take 222 :(CS 222 will also be offered next fall by the way, see [here](https://info.seas.harvard.edu/courses/#/multiYearPlan)CS124  is like half of 6.006 (no sorting and data structures in CS124) and two-thirds of 6.046 (no cache-oblivious or distributed algorithm). CS120 roughly covers about the first half of 6.006, largely what CS124 skipped for.

From the syllabus of CS222 I think it doesn't have much to do with NP analysis and  reduction, which is only lightly touched in 6.006 but heavily discussed in 6.046 and CS124. That is one big reason I dont think the entire 6.046 is necessary.

You may ask the instructor ("Michael Mitzenmacher"??) or Adam Hesterberg  (instructor for CS124) what are the topic selections you need to prepare yourself for. I think Adam is a better person to ask as he is more approachable and also very familiar with MIT courses.

In your question, ask them specifically if CS222 requires dynamic programming. If it does not, then that is even less prep work as it is quite a significant part of 6.006. Please also do verify what I said above - if NP completeness analysis / reduction at CS124 level is indeed not needed for CS222.

While I think most prep work can be done with 6.006 (under the assumption you will put crazy hour on CS222.. ), what 6.006 does not sufficiently discuss is the use of randomized algorithm. 6.006 is mostly deterministic. You should read separately into them. (quicksort, randomized selection, randomized vertex cover,  Karger's randomized minimum cut, Simulated Annealing for general solution search, etc.)

With your A in CS20, and doing the above additional prep, I think you might do just fine in CS222, and CS124 will be a lot easier next time you take it, too!Ah I see, tysm for this!!!!!Thanks for this detailed response! I always had in my mind that 6.006 == 120 and 6.046 == 124, so I was just wondering why 6.006 is sufficient prep? I would have thought 6.046 lectures would be more relevant? But yeah thanks for this!Math background is probably more relevant here. What’s your math background?Got an A in 20 and I think I'm pretty comfortable in proofs (at the level of CS20). I've done the 121 background check and I think it was mostly straightforward, except for the bonus questions. Been skimming the 121 textbook and it (mostly) seems to make sense so farI was in the same boat with 20 (got an A) and struggled a lot with 121. I haven’t taken 124 but from what I’ve heard it’s worse. I don’t think I’d recommend 222 unless you had a super strong math background.I've taken 20, 51, 61 so farAh yeah I always get worried by the disclaimer on the multiyear guide is only an indication and not exactly a confirmation that the course will be held. I am really keen to take 222 :(Ah I see, tysm for this!!!!!CS124  is like half of 6.006 (no sorting and data structures in CS124) and two-thirds of 6.046 (no cache-oblivious or distributed algorithm). CS120 roughly covers about the first half of 6.006, largely what CS124 skipped for.

From the syllabus of CS222 I think it doesn't have much to do with NP analysis and  reduction, which is only lightly touched in 6.006 but heavily discussed in 6.046 and CS124. That is one big reason I dont think the entire 6.046 is necessary.

You may ask the instructor ("Michael Mitzenmacher"??) or Adam Hesterberg  (instructor for CS124) what are the topic selections you need to prepare yourself for. I think Adam is a better person to ask as he is more approachable and also very familiar with MIT courses.

In your question, ask them specifically if CS222 requires dynamic programming. If it does not, then that is even less prep work as it is quite a significant part of 6.006. Please also do verify what I said above - if NP completeness analysis / reduction at CS124 level is indeed not needed for CS222.

While I think most prep work can be done with 6.006 (under the assumption you will put crazy hour on CS222.. ), what 6.006 does not sufficiently discuss is the use of randomized algorithm. 6.006 is mostly deterministic. You should read separately into them. (quicksort, randomized selection, randomized vertex cover,  Karger's randomized minimum cut, Simulated Annealing for general solution search, etc.)

With your A in CS20, and doing the above additional prep, I think you might do just fine in CS222, and CS124 will be a lot easier next time you take it, too!Got an A in 20 and I think I'm pretty comfortable in proofs (at the level of CS20). I've done the 121 background check and I think it was mostly straightforward, except for the bonus questions. Been skimming the 121 textbook and it (mostly) seems to make sense so farI was in the same boat with 20 (got an A) and struggled a lot with 121. I haven’t taken 124 but from what I’ve heard it’s worse. I don’t think I’d recommend 222 unless you had a super strong math background.Math background is probably more relevant here. What’s your math background?Ah I see, tysm for this!!!!!I was in the same boat with 20 (got an A) and struggled a lot with 121. I haven’t taken 124 but from what I’ve heard it’s worse. I don’t think I’d recommend 222 unless you had a super strong math background.Got an A in 20 and I think I'm pretty comfortable in proofs (at the level of CS20). I've done the 121 background check and I think it was mostly straightforward, except for the bonus questions. Been skimming the 121 textbook and it (mostly) seems to make sense so farI was in the same boat with 20 (got an A) and struggled a lot with 121. I haven’t taken 124 but from what I’ve heard it’s worse. I don’t think I’d recommend 222 unless you had a super strong math background.What laptop do you have?Incoming freshman looking for laptop recommendations

Planning to major in CS or physics btwThe iPad has been my best friend throughout college. Once everything went remote I did every assignment with my iPad and Apple Pencil. The integration with a Mac is insanely good and the combo made me focus on the work and not the technology.Do you have the regular iPad, Air, Pro, or Mini? 

I'm thinking of buying an iPad myself.I have the 12.9 inch iPad Pro. It’s the very original and it still works perfect! I love it cause it’s got a big screen to take notes on and to multitask.Most people will use the recent MacBook Air or Pro. This means most people are rocking the 2020 Macs with the M1 chip.

That said, I think Apple is coming out with some new Macs that will have a Silicon chip so I might hold out until buying a laptop until August to see what goes on there.

Either way, my suggestion would be to make the 4-year investment into the Pro or buy the Air along with an iPad if you can.Currently use the Air in conjunction with iPad Pro. But I will upgrade to the Mac Pro with the next release. I think an iPad would be way handier for physics, personally.CS is going to go a lot more smoothly for you if you have a MacBook, or even if you have Linux. Just don’t use WindowsAlienware x17 R2, an i7 with an rtx 3070 ti if it mattersSurface Book Pro 2OP got a full ride.That's great! I had to ask though. If you had the choice between Stanford or Harvard for CS what would you pick?For me, location mattered to me and my family and since I live in MA, Harvard would be the first choice in almost every scenario (unless I had applied and was admitted to MIT). 

However, for your question, I'll assume things like location or money doesn't matter and we're looking at this decision from a purely academic standpoint. If that were the case, I would probably choose Stanford because it has a stronger CS program and due to the startup culture there and proximity to Silicon Valley. 

However, I could very well see students choosings Harvard over Stanford in many cases, even if they are set on CS. Some people want to have a more well-rounded liberal education, and if you're a person that wants to study something like Econ or Gov in addition to CS, then Harvard might be the better school for that.What prompted you to choose CS @ Harvard?Do you have the regular iPad, Air, Pro, or Mini? 

I'm thinking of buying an iPad myself.I have the 12.9 inch iPad Pro. It’s the very original and it still works perfect! I love it cause it’s got a big screen to take notes on and to multitask.The iPad has been my best friend throughout college. Once everything went remote I did every assignment with my iPad and Apple Pencil. The integration with a Mac is insanely good and the combo made me focus on the work and not the technology.That's great! I had to ask though. If you had the choice between Stanford or Harvard for CS what would you pick?For me, location mattered to me and my family and since I live in MA, Harvard would be the first choice in almost every scenario (unless I had applied and was admitted to MIT). 

However, for your question, I'll assume things like location or money doesn't matter and we're looking at this decision from a purely academic standpoint. If that were the case, I would probably choose Stanford because it has a stronger CS program and due to the startup culture there and proximity to Silicon Valley. 

However, I could very well see students choosings Harvard over Stanford in many cases, even if they are set on CS. Some people want to have a more well-rounded liberal education, and if you're a person that wants to study something like Econ or Gov in addition to CS, then Harvard might be the better school for that.OP got a full ride.I have the 12.9 inch iPad Pro. It’s the very original and it still works perfect! I love it cause it’s got a big screen to take notes on and to multitask.Do you have the regular iPad, Air, Pro, or Mini? 

I'm thinking of buying an iPad myself.For me, location mattered to me and my family and since I live in MA, Harvard would be the first choice in almost every scenario (unless I had applied and was admitted to MIT). 

However, for your question, I'll assume things like location or money doesn't matter and we're looking at this decision from a purely academic standpoint. If that were the case, I would probably choose Stanford because it has a stronger CS program and due to the startup culture there and proximity to Silicon Valley. 

However, I could very well see students choosings Harvard over Stanford in many cases, even if they are set on CS. Some people want to have a more well-rounded liberal education, and if you're a person that wants to study something like Econ or Gov in addition to CS, then Harvard might be the better school for that.That's great! I had to ask though. If you had the choice between Stanford or Harvard for CS what would you pick?I have the 12.9 inch iPad Pro. It’s the very original and it still works perfect! I love it cause it’s got a big screen to take notes on and to multitask.For me, location mattered to me and my family and since I live in MA, Harvard would be the first choice in almost every scenario (unless I had applied and was admitted to MIT). 

However, for your question, I'll assume things like location or money doesn't matter and we're looking at this decision from a purely academic standpoint. If that were the case, I would probably choose Stanford because it has a stronger CS program and due to the startup culture there and proximity to Silicon Valley. 

However, I could very well see students choosings Harvard over Stanford in many cases, even if they are set on CS. Some people want to have a more well-rounded liberal education, and if you're a person that wants to study something like Econ or Gov in addition to CS, then Harvard might be the better school for that.Still a major WIP, but I thought y’all might appreciate this :)Cambridge Community College?Hravrad UniversityUarvard hniveraryDoing a “Harvard” build for a server set architecturally in the 1910s so eventually I’m gonna get around to all the houses but currently this is the start of it

Harvard in quotes because it won’t actually be called Harvard>1/3

Can anyone join?What's the 1/3 mean? And yep, anyone can join, but we have to carefully select ppl who aren't Harvard affiliated, since our focus as a Harvard org is on the student community.sorry for the confusion, I don’t know what it means either. It was probably pasted by accident from my clipboard. I’m an incoming freshman..how can I apply?Prefrosh at Harvard? Then the gates are wide open, come on in! We operate within this sub's Discord server, which you can find on the sidebar -->. There's a student verification process, and then you just click Minecraft in #reaction-roles.

I don't think we're ready rn to take more unaffiliated folks, but I'll certainly make a post here when the time comes.Lookin' good! Reminds me of [https://www.reddit.com/r/Harvard/comments/jd7rs5/harvard\_in\_minecraft\_read\_comment/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Harvard/comments/jd7rs5/harvard_in_minecraft_read_comment/) ;).

I'm gonna DM you my Discord in case you wanna get involved with the MC club! ("Wait there's a Minecraft club?!") We built some of the yard a couple years ago and are gonna revive the project in June!Still more detailed than the obj files from Cambridge.Cambridge Community College?Uarvard hniveraryHravrad UniversityWhat's the 1/3 mean? And yep, anyone can join, but we have to carefully select ppl who aren't Harvard affiliated, since our focus as a Harvard org is on the student community.sorry for the confusion, I don’t know what it means either. It was probably pasted by accident from my clipboard. I’m an incoming freshman..how can I apply?Prefrosh at Harvard? Then the gates are wide open, come on in! We operate within this sub's Discord server, which you can find on the sidebar -->. There's a student verification process, and then you just click Minecraft in #reaction-roles.

I don't think we're ready rn to take more unaffiliated folks, but I'll certainly make a post here when the time comes.>1/3

Can anyone join?Uarvard hniverarysorry for the confusion, I don’t know what it means either. It was probably pasted by accident from my clipboard. I’m an incoming freshman..how can I apply?Prefrosh at Harvard? Then the gates are wide open, come on in! We operate within this sub's Discord server, which you can find on the sidebar -->. There's a student verification process, and then you just click Minecraft in #reaction-roles.

I don't think we're ready rn to take more unaffiliated folks, but I'll certainly make a post here when the time comes.What's the 1/3 mean? And yep, anyone can join, but we have to carefully select ppl who aren't Harvard affiliated, since our focus as a Harvard org is on the student community.Prefrosh at Harvard? Then the gates are wide open, come on in! We operate within this sub's Discord server, which you can find on the sidebar -->. There's a student verification process, and then you just click Minecraft in #reaction-roles.

I don't think we're ready rn to take more unaffiliated folks, but I'll certainly make a post here when the time comes.sorry for the confusion, I don’t know what it means either. It was probably pasted by accident from my clipboard. I’m an incoming freshman..how can I apply?Prefrosh at Harvard? Then the gates are wide open, come on in! We operate within this sub's Discord server, which you can find on the sidebar -->. There's a student verification process, and then you just click Minecraft in #reaction-roles.

I don't think we're ready rn to take more unaffiliated folks, but I'll certainly make a post here when the time comes.freshman fall schedule: econ 10a, math 1a, expos 10/20, stat 104would this be a pretty easy fall semester for me to ease in? or would it be too easy and i can replace stat 104 with cs 50 or somethingStat 104 🤢 CS 50 😍I would suggest taking CS50 instead, but otherwise that frosh schedule is typical. If you try on the placement test, you’ll be taking Expos 20.why? is it rlly bad?worst class of all time, i’m still scarredi was thinking of possibly stats minor so which introductory stat class should i take instead thenv110for the econ major it also says i need to take stats 100, 101, 102, or 104 tho. which one should i take? i thought maybe that would be good background for stat 110Regardless of the solution, stat 104 is not a good background for 110. Stat 104 is the worst class I’ve taken hands down. The current course head is not the reason for it, however he’s been thrust into a really crappy class. It’s probably the lowest rated class Harvards had, and the staff turnover is extremely high for a reason.Where does it say that? Afaik, 110 is included in that “or” as wellohhhh i didn’t see that af my b. okok bet i’ll maybe just take theni hear stat 100/102 are much betteranything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledgeDO. not. take. stat 104.i was thinking possibly cs minorStill do CS50Yea still do CS50… as someone who might minor in CS, I took it spring semester freshman year and felt behind…wish I would have taken it during the fallDo cs50 instead of stat 104 if your thinking of doing CS as a majorDO NOT TAKE STAT 104! one of the worst classes of all time, please read q guide and listen to usyeah i’m j starting to plan j in case so i know what i want to register for when the time comesWhat resources are you using to plan?i’m j using a google doc lol i’m j searching ul the course catalog and checking what i want to take first semesterCan I pm you?yeah ofc!How have you already started planning your classes? I'd like to as wellyou can replace stat 104 with me 😳😳😳worst class of all time, i’m still scarredi was thinking of possibly stats minor so which introductory stat class should i take instead thenv110for the econ major it also says i need to take stats 100, 101, 102, or 104 tho. which one should i take? i thought maybe that would be good background for stat 110Regardless of the solution, stat 104 is not a good background for 110. Stat 104 is the worst class I’ve taken hands down. The current course head is not the reason for it, however he’s been thrust into a really crappy class. It’s probably the lowest rated class Harvards had, and the staff turnover is extremely high for a reason.Where does it say that? Afaik, 110 is included in that “or” as wellohhhh i didn’t see that af my b. okok bet i’ll maybe just take theni hear stat 100/102 are much betteranything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledgewhy? is it rlly bad?Still do CS50Yea still do CS50… as someone who might minor in CS, I took it spring semester freshman year and felt behind…wish I would have taken it during the falli was thinking possibly cs minorWhat resources are you using to plan?i’m j using a google doc lol i’m j searching ul the course catalog and checking what i want to take first semesterCan I pm you?yeah ofc!yeah i’m j starting to plan j in case so i know what i want to register for when the time comesi was thinking of possibly stats minor so which introductory stat class should i take instead thenv110for the econ major it also says i need to take stats 100, 101, 102, or 104 tho. which one should i take? i thought maybe that would be good background for stat 110Regardless of the solution, stat 104 is not a good background for 110. Stat 104 is the worst class I’ve taken hands down. The current course head is not the reason for it, however he’s been thrust into a really crappy class. It’s probably the lowest rated class Harvards had, and the staff turnover is extremely high for a reason.Where does it say that? Afaik, 110 is included in that “or” as wellohhhh i didn’t see that af my b. okok bet i’ll maybe just take theni hear stat 100/102 are much betteranything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledgeworst class of all time, i’m still scarredStill do CS50Yea still do CS50… as someone who might minor in CS, I took it spring semester freshman year and felt behind…wish I would have taken it during the falli’m j using a google doc lol i’m j searching ul the course catalog and checking what i want to take first semesterCan I pm you?yeah ofc!What resources are you using to plan?110for the econ major it also says i need to take stats 100, 101, 102, or 104 tho. which one should i take? i thought maybe that would be good background for stat 110Regardless of the solution, stat 104 is not a good background for 110. Stat 104 is the worst class I’ve taken hands down. The current course head is not the reason for it, however he’s been thrust into a really crappy class. It’s probably the lowest rated class Harvards had, and the staff turnover is extremely high for a reason.Where does it say that? Afaik, 110 is included in that “or” as wellohhhh i didn’t see that af my b. okok bet i’ll maybe just take theni hear stat 100/102 are much betteranything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledgei was thinking of possibly stats minor so which introductory stat class should i take instead thenvCan I pm you?yeah ofc!i’m j using a google doc lol i’m j searching ul the course catalog and checking what i want to take first semesterfor the econ major it also says i need to take stats 100, 101, 102, or 104 tho. which one should i take? i thought maybe that would be good background for stat 110Regardless of the solution, stat 104 is not a good background for 110. Stat 104 is the worst class I’ve taken hands down. The current course head is not the reason for it, however he’s been thrust into a really crappy class. It’s probably the lowest rated class Harvards had, and the staff turnover is extremely high for a reason.Where does it say that? Afaik, 110 is included in that “or” as wellohhhh i didn’t see that af my b. okok bet i’ll maybe just take theni hear stat 100/102 are much betteranything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledge110yeah ofc!Can I pm you?Regardless of the solution, stat 104 is not a good background for 110. Stat 104 is the worst class I’ve taken hands down. The current course head is not the reason for it, however he’s been thrust into a really crappy class. It’s probably the lowest rated class Harvards had, and the staff turnover is extremely high for a reason.Where does it say that? Afaik, 110 is included in that “or” as wellohhhh i didn’t see that af my b. okok bet i’ll maybe just take theni hear stat 100/102 are much betteranything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledgefor the econ major it also says i need to take stats 100, 101, 102, or 104 tho. which one should i take? i thought maybe that would be good background for stat 110yeah ofc!Regardless of the solution, stat 104 is not a good background for 110. Stat 104 is the worst class I’ve taken hands down. The current course head is not the reason for it, however he’s been thrust into a really crappy class. It’s probably the lowest rated class Harvards had, and the staff turnover is extremely high for a reason.ohhhh i didn’t see that af my b. okok bet i’ll maybe just take theni hear stat 100/102 are much betteranything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledgeWhere does it say that? Afaik, 110 is included in that “or” as welli hear stat 100/102 are much betteranything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledgeohhhh i didn’t see that af my b. okok bet i’ll maybe just take thenanything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledgei hear stat 100/102 are much betteranything but 104. plsdo you guys thinking stat 100 would be good prep for stat 110 or i can j take stat 110 without much knowledgeLiving In The Longwood AreaHi everyone, I am an incoming grad student. Does anyone have experience living in the Longwood medical area (off-campus)?Awesome thanks for the info!I do! I went to HSPH and lived on Mission Hill next door. Some other folks lived in Brookline / Fenway, all three with very different vibes. 

Mission Hill: brownstones / hilly, lots of college students (Northeastern / MCPHS) and students in general... can get a little rowdy weekend nights. 

Brookline: best way to describe it is a little piece of suburbs in the city; well-maintained, gives off European village vibes. 

Fenway: typical 'city living', close to Fenway Park / BU / pretty centrally located (but also expensive to rent). 

All three neighborhoods are adjacent to and walking distance from Longwood, great public transportation, groceries close by etc (Brookline has a TJ's!). Depends on what you're looking for.Awesome thanks for the info!Bank advice.Hello everyone! I'm an incoming masters student at Harvard Medical School and had to open up a bank account.

What bank should I choose? I'm an international student, but I have US citizenship and a SSN.I liked Cambridge TrustI got Harvard Employees Credit Union first but did not really like it (somewhat complicated system for international transfers). Then I got Bank of America and it has been good so far.Cambridge savings is pretty good. I don’t recommend HUECU, unless u plan on receiving scholarships for international travel.Bank of America has a decent amount of ATMs and branches in the area. Depending on your needs and age, they waive account fees on simple savings accounts for full time students under the age of 25. Me prefrosh daughter just signed up for one.How feasible is it to graduate in 3 - 3.5 yrs?I plan to major in Comp Sci, and perhaps do an ms after graduating. Is 3 years possible through advanced standing, or would u strictly recommend against doing something like this? Thanks!

&#x200B;

\*I do have a decent amount of AP credit which may help? (i think like 24+)Ok, thanks! I appreciate the help!>I do have a decent amount of AP credit which may help? (i think like 24+)

Assuming that you got off the WL and will be attending Harvard, you have zero AP credit. Harvard stopped awarding credit a while ago, and advanced standing required 32 credits anyway.

Other than a means if fulfilling the foreign language requirement, the only benefit of AP scores is the ability to bypass some courses.

Anyway, can you graduate in less than 4 years? Yeah, but it's not easy. 

Should you? That's a more complex question that really should not be asked until you've actually lived through a semester.Ok, thanks! Is 5 classes a semester a lot. At Columbia 5-6 classes would be fairly normal.I would say taking 5 courses is pretty uncommon, especially multiple semesters in a row. Some might take 5 one semester due to scheduling, but most typically only take 4. If you really want to continually take 5 courses, you should talk to your advisor first and figure out a plan.Okay, thank u!AFAIK the class of 2023 was the last class to be able to do advanced standing. I also don't think 24 credits is enough (I think it was 32 credits). Maybe if you took 5 classes a semester or did summer school you could graduate in 3.5 years? I'm not sure how that works though.Gotta love the double contraction tho💀It's possible to graduate in 3 years if u've already done ur first year and didn't fail too many of ur courses.

EDIT: removed an errant period that shouldn't've been thereAdvanced standing doesn't exist anymore.Ok, thanks! I appreciate the help!I would say taking 5 courses is pretty uncommon, especially multiple semesters in a row. Some might take 5 one semester due to scheduling, but most typically only take 4. If you really want to continually take 5 courses, you should talk to your advisor first and figure out a plan.Okay, thank u!Ok, thanks! Is 5 classes a semester a lot. At Columbia 5-6 classes would be fairly normal.Gotta love the double contraction tho💀Okay, thank u!I would say taking 5 courses is pretty uncommon, especially multiple semesters in a row. Some might take 5 one semester due to scheduling, but most typically only take 4. If you really want to continually take 5 courses, you should talk to your advisor first and figure out a plan.Okay, thank u!Gona miss y’allComing back for graduation gave me all the feels this weekend — wanta say I’m gona miss y’all!

I’m proud of graduating and having my degree and the things I’ve done since graduating. But disappointed that I didn’t make more long term friends from here. I wish I would have spent more time on campus and been more present in the time I was here rather than seeing it as something to do and accomplish. 

To the students — Harvard opens up tons of doors — so don’t sweat it. Enjoy your time here and make the most of being with your friends. To the grads — good job y’all. Graduating in general isn’t easy but to do it and grow at a place like here is even more challenging. Until we have a reunion I guess 👍🏼.What a nice sentiment!

Join your local chapter of HAA. The networking opportunities are pretty good! And many congratulations on your achievement.Where do you buy necessities?Hey, I'm an incoming freshman. Where's the best place within walking distance of Harvard Yard to buy toiletries and other necessities? Is there a Target or Walmart within a mile of campus? Or is it just better to take a bus somewhere?This, but you should also remember you pay a good chunk of change for dining, and even tho it sucks you should probably limit how many groceries you buy at places like whole foods, which has a pretty high markup compared to places like star market and such. But to each their own. Uber eats is pretty pricey, so I think Amazon prime is the right answer here.Prime membership saves you a lot with the mark up of everything directly nearby. Target is in central square but sucks since it's super small and the good ones are further away. For groceries, I use the delis and markets or take my scooter to whole foods a couple of blocks away. I started doing prime/uber grocery runs though cause it was way more convenient with promo codes. CVS is a last resort since it's one of the worst with markups.Amazon. Way cheaper than the CVS in the square.You can take the T to the Target at Porter square from the Harvard station ( Right next to the yard )Harvard Square CVSAmazon. Everything in walking distance is marked up massively.Yard ops gives u free toilet paper 😩There’s a Target a mile up the street and another a mile down!Overpriced CVS in Harvard SquareI think it’s more rectangular but I’m not defiant about it.defiantly the CVS is the square. Very reasonably priced :))))))))))))Aamazon would be the best option. CVS in the square is super super expensive for no reason. There are a few targets around as well but you'd have to walk for 30 mins to get there (near Central) so it might not be convenientThis, but you should also remember you pay a good chunk of change for dining, and even tho it sucks you should probably limit how many groceries you buy at places like whole foods, which has a pretty high markup compared to places like star market and such. But to each their own. Uber eats is pretty pricey, so I think Amazon prime is the right answer here.I think it’s more rectangular but I’m not defiant about it.How to search directory for alumni?Looking through [https://connections.harvard.edu](https://connections.harvard.edu), even when I log in with my HarvardKey, it only shows people currently affiliated with Harvard. Is there any way to look through a directory of people formerly affiliated with Harvard?https://alumni.harvard.edu/help/site-access/current-studentsNeed to search **alumni** directory:

https://community.alumni.harvard.edu/personThese are only for students or alumni that wants to be found. I know quite a few students and alumni who opted out (Which is done easily) of the online directories for identity security concerns.Student health plan and financial aid questionsDoes financial aid cover the cost of student health plan (blue shield MA one, etc)? Or student has to pay for it? Say if financial aid said we need to pay $12000, if add th student health plan (say it will cost $3000 a year), do we still pay $12000? or $15000?Thanks for the info. I wonder how it works for non full financial aid folks??Depending on whether you have health insurance already you either get coverage you pay for yourself or you can file an exception to have your own health insurance counted. But idk how much FA you need to get to have to pay for it yourself. I'll add I didn't have a choice either since I didn't have my own health insurance so Harvard needed for cover me to meet Massachusetts law.I'm on full financial aid, I get free blue cross blue shield coverage (MA but its covered me in Florida) for the year. The only optional plan I have to pay for is the dental coverage at $400 a year. If you go on leave though later on you will have to pay for your own plan or switch off it.Depending on whether you have health insurance already you either get coverage you pay for yourself or you can file an exception to have your own health insurance counted. But idk how much FA you need to get to have to pay for it yourself. I'll add I didn't have a choice either since I didn't have my own health insurance so Harvard needed for cover me to meet Massachusetts law.Thanks for the info. I wonder how it works for non full financial aid folks??Depending on whether you have health insurance already you either get coverage you pay for yourself or you can file an exception to have your own health insurance counted. But idk how much FA you need to get to have to pay for it yourself. I'll add I didn't have a choice either since I didn't have my own health insurance so Harvard needed for cover me to meet Massachusetts law.HousingHey. I got accepted into multiple UCs but heard from Harvard last. 

What are the chances of being offered student housing for a Grad if you got admitted for next semester? I will be attending but my budget is low rn.Student housing for grads is more expensive than just renting a room for one in a 4 bed house. You can try to use your other offers to negotiate a better deal but free housing probably isn't going to happen.Looking at my courseload for next year as an am econ + cs majorEC10a
CS50
Math 21a
Expos 20
<not sure if I need a foreign language>

How does that schedule work for my freshmen fall semester? If it’s too hard or unreasonable or stupid pls lmk I’m kind of confusedOkay thanks! And do I need a foreign language as a part of some requirement?Okay thanks! And do I need a foreign language as a part of some requirement?If you will not have placed out as the result of AP exam score or placement test, then you will need to take at some point, since there is a FL requirement.Okay thanks so much!It's a pretty typical (and doable) schedule.So the last math I took is calc bc in my senior year. Does that still mean I can do 22a?I would second this tbh. I didn’t love how 21 was taught and felt like stat 110 gave me the good pure math skills you would get taking 21 instead of 22Yes, assuming you get a 5 on calc bc or pass the placement test, you are perfectly ready to do 22A.Thanks so much- one last thing (I’m really sorry): so 22a and b are just like the more proofy versions of the 21 series? I’m still not sure what makes the 21s different from the 22sYes, that’s right. The 22 series is essentially the proof-based version of the 21 series. 21b covers more linear algebra topics than 22A but 22 goes a bit more in depth as it covers proofs. Since in theoretical CS courses you have to know proofs, it might be a bit more helpful to take 22 in that regard.Wait but if I’m trying to do Applied Math econ and CS wouldn’t the 21 series be a better idea?even in am econ + cs you'll probably take some kind of theoretical course so having more background in proofy math is always goodGot it! Okay thanks so much!That’s a fine courseload. I would say it’s slightly above average for first year fall, but still pretty doable. I did the exact same courseload first year fall (except I did 21b) and it was fine. If you’re doing CS, I might suggest doing 22A first as it might be more useful for CS majors and is not necessarily that much harder than 21.Wait what does that mean? I’m sorry I don’t know the lingo hahaPsets aré problem sets (homework for classes that aren’t essays). EC psets are due mondays (from this years class) and has two portions, the Multiple choice and the written portion where u apply and explain stuff u learned that week. CS50 psets is coding work but can be very time consuming even for people who are comfortable coding. Math courses usually have either 1 or 3 psets due each week, I forgot which Math21a has specifically but yea. If it’s 3 a week they’re usually due MWF at a certain time. So this course load is pset heavy like the commenter above noted. It’s doable but u need a lot of self control to not let some pass u by and lower ur grade. My tip: find pset buddies! They’re lifesavers in ur time of need and you work thru hw much faster and sometimes with even greater understanding.Omg thanks so much for this detailed answer haha y’all are all so helpful- this definitely sheds a lot more light on the workload!Typical frosh schedule, but will be somewhat PSet heavy (especially on Fridays when 10a, CS50, and one of the three 21a are due)try it and if u don’t like it switchGot it thanks!It's a standard and doable courseload. CS50 might be a little work if you've never coded before, but it isn't too difficult.

Like another commenter said, if you're decent at math, don't take the 21 series. Try 22A or if you're up for it, even try 25A.If you're up for a math challenge (but don't necessarily have extensive background with proof-based math), I would suggest Math 25a. Taking Math 25 was a transformative experience for me back when I was undergrad, leading to my becoming a math concentrator and ultimately a mathematician.Okay thanks! And do I need a foreign language as a part of some requirement?If you will not have placed out as the result of AP exam score or placement test, then you will need to take at some point, since there is a FL requirement.Okay thanks so much!Okay thanks! And do I need a foreign language as a part of some requirement?Yes, assuming you get a 5 on calc bc or pass the placement test, you are perfectly ready to do 22A.Thanks so much- one last thing (I’m really sorry): so 22a and b are just like the more proofy versions of the 21 series? I’m still not sure what makes the 21s different from the 22sYes, that’s right. The 22 series is essentially the proof-based version of the 21 series. 21b covers more linear algebra topics than 22A but 22 goes a bit more in depth as it covers proofs. Since in theoretical CS courses you have to know proofs, it might be a bit more helpful to take 22 in that regard.Wait but if I’m trying to do Applied Math econ and CS wouldn’t the 21 series be a better idea?even in am econ + cs you'll probably take some kind of theoretical course so having more background in proofy math is always goodGot it! Okay thanks so much!So the last math I took is calc bc in my senior year. Does that still mean I can do 22a?I would second this tbh. I didn’t love how 21 was taught and felt like stat 110 gave me the good pure math skills you would get taking 21 instead of 22Psets aré problem sets (homework for classes that aren’t essays). EC psets are due mondays (from this years class) and has two portions, the Multiple choice and the written portion where u apply and explain stuff u learned that week. CS50 psets is coding work but can be very time consuming even for people who are comfortable coding. Math courses usually have either 1 or 3 psets due each week, I forgot which Math21a has specifically but yea. If it’s 3 a week they’re usually due MWF at a certain time. So this course load is pset heavy like the commenter above noted. It’s doable but u need a lot of self control to not let some pass u by and lower ur grade. My tip: find pset buddies! They’re lifesavers in ur time of need and you work thru hw much faster and sometimes with even greater understanding.Omg thanks so much for this detailed answer haha y’all are all so helpful- this definitely sheds a lot more light on the workload!Wait what does that mean? I’m sorry I don’t know the lingo hahaGot it thanks!Okay thanks so much!If you will not have placed out as the result of AP exam score or placement test, then you will need to take at some point, since there is a FL requirement.Thanks so much- one last thing (I’m really sorry): so 22a and b are just like the more proofy versions of the 21 series? I’m still not sure what makes the 21s different from the 22sYes, that’s right. The 22 series is essentially the proof-based version of the 21 series. 21b covers more linear algebra topics than 22A but 22 goes a bit more in depth as it covers proofs. Since in theoretical CS courses you have to know proofs, it might be a bit more helpful to take 22 in that regard.Wait but if I’m trying to do Applied Math econ and CS wouldn’t the 21 series be a better idea?even in am econ + cs you'll probably take some kind of theoretical course so having more background in proofy math is always goodGot it! Okay thanks so much!Yes, assuming you get a 5 on calc bc or pass the placement test, you are perfectly ready to do 22A.Omg thanks so much for this detailed answer haha y’all are all so helpful- this definitely sheds a lot more light on the workload!Psets aré problem sets (homework for classes that aren’t essays). EC psets are due mondays (from this years class) and has two portions, the Multiple choice and the written portion where u apply and explain stuff u learned that week. CS50 psets is coding work but can be very time consuming even for people who are comfortable coding. Math courses usually have either 1 or 3 psets due each week, I forgot which Math21a has specifically but yea. If it’s 3 a week they’re usually due MWF at a certain time. So this course load is pset heavy like the commenter above noted. It’s doable but u need a lot of self control to not let some pass u by and lower ur grade. My tip: find pset buddies! They’re lifesavers in ur time of need and you work thru hw much faster and sometimes with even greater understanding.Okay thanks so much!Yes, that’s right. The 22 series is essentially the proof-based version of the 21 series. 21b covers more linear algebra topics than 22A but 22 goes a bit more in depth as it covers proofs. Since in theoretical CS courses you have to know proofs, it might be a bit more helpful to take 22 in that regard.Wait but if I’m trying to do Applied Math econ and CS wouldn’t the 21 series be a better idea?even in am econ + cs you'll probably take some kind of theoretical course so having more background in proofy math is always goodGot it! Okay thanks so much!Thanks so much- one last thing (I’m really sorry): so 22a and b are just like the more proofy versions of the 21 series? I’m still not sure what makes the 21s different from the 22sOmg thanks so much for this detailed answer haha y’all are all so helpful- this definitely sheds a lot more light on the workload!Wait but if I’m trying to do Applied Math econ and CS wouldn’t the 21 series be a better idea?even in am econ + cs you'll probably take some kind of theoretical course so having more background in proofy math is always goodGot it! Okay thanks so much!Yes, that’s right. The 22 series is essentially the proof-based version of the 21 series. 21b covers more linear algebra topics than 22A but 22 goes a bit more in depth as it covers proofs. Since in theoretical CS courses you have to know proofs, it might be a bit more helpful to take 22 in that regard.even in am econ + cs you'll probably take some kind of theoretical course so having more background in proofy math is always goodGot it! Okay thanks so much!Wait but if I’m trying to do Applied Math econ and CS wouldn’t the 21 series be a better idea?Got it! Okay thanks so much!even in am econ + cs you'll probably take some kind of theoretical course so having more background in proofy math is always goodGot it! Okay thanks so much!Are the ads on "Harvard University Off-Campus Housing" displayed on Facebook Real?I am currently looking for housing as I will be a graduate student from 2022-to 2023 at Harvard. I came across the FB page and noticed a lot of listings. However, no one engages with them as much as the Harvard University Housing posts does. Are they scams? Should I be aware of the ones that seem similar to other posts? Thanks everyone!Typical rule of thumb is if it sounds too good to be true, it is. If you feel a scam vibe, best to leave it and look for something else. And if you're seeing the same post or photos over and over again and it's not for a high rise building, it's a scam.

I'm not sure what ads you're specifically referring to, but there *are* some that can be legit. I found a roommate through a grad student housing fb group, and an apartment for myself on Craigslist. But there were plenty of scammy posts and ads to avoid.there is a harvard housing thing off campus for grad/med students. I've seen it on some of the info for med students ([https://www.huhousing.harvard.edu/](https://www.huhousing.harvard.edu/)) but idk if they would advertise on facebookDifficulty of humanities classes for a transfer student?I'm transferring this fall. How difficult are humanities classes generally? I will be a junior so presumably I will be taking upper level courses. Are classes generally exam or paper based, or a combination of things? 

I'm coming from a community college and a little worried I won't be able to keep up.That's good news!! Thank you!!not hard, just a bunch of writing. All the humanities classes I’ve had are solely essay/project based. You should be fine! Congrats on transferring :))This is helpful. Thank you. I assume in person discussions? My CC classes were primarily lecture based. 

Also, did you ever take any history classes?Yes to in-person – this was pre-COVID.

I took a few history courses. Reading load not as heavy, but grading was usually a bit tougher.I took ~10 English classes. Lots of reading (some classes are a [thick] book a week) and discussions are pretty intense, but ultimately the grading is extremely lax, to the point where I was shocked by the grades I got on some throwaway papers, etc.Just lots of reading. Oftentimes things are only difficult when you don't have enough time to properly read everything.

*Cough*...Gov 20...*Cough*I mean... I just wrote my application and they liked it so I got in.They liked your application so odds are good that you WILL be able to keep up in your humanities classes.BasedI hope so!!how hard was it to transfer?The English it was very bery good.super.😂Wow[deleted]That's good news!! Thank you!!Yes to in-person – this was pre-COVID.

I took a few history courses. Reading load not as heavy, but grading was usually a bit tougher.This is helpful. Thank you. I assume in person discussions? My CC classes were primarily lecture based. 

Also, did you ever take any history classes?They liked your application so odds are good that you WILL be able to keep up in your humanities classes.BasedI hope so!!I mean... I just wrote my application and they liked it so I got in.The English it was very bery good.super.😂WowYes to in-person – this was pre-COVID.

I took a few history courses. Reading load not as heavy, but grading was usually a bit tougher.I hope so!!They liked your application so odds are good that you WILL be able to keep up in your humanities classes.BasedI hope so!!HUHSo I’m kind of stressed because my viewing time for apartments was June 2nd. They emailed me this morning saying that they no longer have apartments to be viewed. I applied to dorms on campus, and this is really my first option. I just don’t feel like I have a back up plan anymore just in case that doesn’t work out. Needless to say that my masters program starts June 2nd. I’m committing to a school across the country and starting a program with NO PLACE to live. I feel like this could and should have been determined earlier. Now I have to look for off campus housing as a back up. Anyone frustrated and looking for a roommate too?? I’m an HGSE student.>Now I have to look for off campus housing for a backup

Calm, you've only scratched the surface of the frustration you are going to experience especially with off-campus housing. Pace yourself mate, you haven't even experienced broker fees yet.I have been searching for living actually, but I just liked the convenience of apartment housing as offered by Harvard. Like I said in my post, this isn’t even my first option, just convenience.I'd recommend residence housing your first year here and hope that still works out, cost-wise it'll work out similarly but you're so much closer to the facilities and libraries while you learn the lay of the land and it's easier to connect with people. If not, be very careful of scams. Due to the high rents and amount of people moving here sight-unseen they're ridiculously common.Ok, your post made it seem like you hadn't.I’m coming from across the country and really hoping to get residence housing. It’s such a guessing game atp and harder to find a place out of state. Thank you though!!I don't want to blame you, but you should have been looking into off-campus since the start. You're gonna have to look everywhere. Try the Facebook grad student groups, Craigslist, apartmentfinder.com, r/bostonhousing....everything. If you have the resources, you'll be able to find something relatively quickly, if not...its gonna be some work. Get in touch with your program, they may also have leads for you--some schools have internal lists and can help.Thank you so much! I will be on the lookoutI'm in a similar situation rn. I'm attention Design Discovery at GSD this summer and have been looking for housing for weeks and can't find anything. I mean, there are options, but no one wants to lease for just a month unfortunately. I'll recommend hou check out Harvard GSD Facebook group. There are couple of listings currently available there. Harvard's apartments.com also has a bunch of options you should look into. Hope that'll help.Omg thank you!! Will do :)I was in the same boat but have been checking the “currently available” list on HUH periodically for the past few days and today I got lucky enough to log on at just the right time when one was available and snapped it up! Keep checking back and hopefully you’ll find one, too. I didn’t check at set times or anything - just randomly throughout the day whenever I thought about it between other tasks.I'd recommend residence housing your first year here and hope that still works out, cost-wise it'll work out similarly but you're so much closer to the facilities and libraries while you learn the lay of the land and it's easier to connect with people. If not, be very careful of scams. Due to the high rents and amount of people moving here sight-unseen they're ridiculously common.Ok, your post made it seem like you hadn't.I’m coming from across the country and really hoping to get residence housing. It’s such a guessing game atp and harder to find a place out of state. Thank you though!!I have been searching for living actually, but I just liked the convenience of apartment housing as offered by Harvard. Like I said in my post, this isn’t even my first option, just convenience.Thank you so much! I will be on the lookoutOmg thank you!! Will do :)I’m coming from across the country and really hoping to get residence housing. It’s such a guessing game atp and harder to find a place out of state. Thank you though!!I'd recommend residence housing your first year here and hope that still works out, cost-wise it'll work out similarly but you're so much closer to the facilities and libraries while you learn the lay of the land and it's easier to connect with people. If not, be very careful of scams. Due to the high rents and amount of people moving here sight-unseen they're ridiculously common.Ok, your post made it seem like you hadn't.I’m coming from across the country and really hoping to get residence housing. It’s such a guessing game atp and harder to find a place out of state. Thank you though!!4 years masters option?hi! anyone knows how intense the 4-yr masters is? Are summer classes required/ advisable?

And is it possible to do a AB and masters in different fields? E.g. AB physics, SM applied math?

Thank you!!It can be a little intense. Had a friend doing 6 class semesters senior year plus writing the master's thesis.

Think it depends entirely on the program. Advice as always is reach out to the director of the master's program and ask them if you'd be able to do it, no one here is going to know more than them.Hi! Just did the program. Most people now do it with a concurrent masters program, which just means you need 4 extra courses. (I took 5 each semester in Soph & Junior year) You definitely can do different fields.

The main challenge / appeal of the program is that it asks you to take around 6 graduate classes in the field. If you like the material and can do well in the class, it's very nice. If you don't, no point spending your college days doing something you don't enoy.How much should I worry about GPA?I‘m a rising junior with a GPA of like 3.688 right now, I got a couple lower grades this semester which made me anxious. Especially because I‘m an international first-gen student I have no idea how seriously I should take my GPA, I don’t want to work myself to death so I‘m struggling to find the balance between working hard but not going crazy. I have solid extracurriculars and a good internship this summer so I guess I‘m not totally ruined. I‘m just scared because I know classes probably won‘t get any easier at this point. I‘m thinking of applying to business schools probably a few years after graduating college.I had below a 3.5 GPA and I still got into a top PhD program in my field. Know the same for others for law and medical schools too. Don’t worry :-)Sure, to be clear, I don't mean to imply that it is a no-go--just that those programs do actually care.

Your average, say, faang company, startup, ngo, etc.?  Not much.GPA matters most for highly "academic" paths--MD/JD/PhD, some quant finance shops, etc.  I.e., paths that don't sound relevant to you.

Matters some as a filtering mechanism at your MBBs, ibanks, etc., but you're beyond the common filter--and with an internship you're going to be in a good spot.

> I‘m thinking of applying to business schools probably a few years after graduating college.

Does matter some here, but you're well above the cut line, and they are going to be far more focused on elements of your professional success, at that point, than your GPA (just don't tank it the rest of your time there).Your GPA is fine.Honestly my best advice is to just work hard so it doesn’t get any lower. If it gets higher as a consequence, then that’s great!Sure, to be clear, I don't mean to imply that it is a no-go--just that those programs do actually care.

Your average, say, faang company, startup, ngo, etc.?  Not much.I had below a 3.5 GPA and I still got into a top PhD program in my field. Know the same for others for law and medical schools too. Don’t worry :-)Sure, to be clear, I don't mean to imply that it is a no-go--just that those programs do actually care.

Your average, say, faang company, startup, ngo, etc.?  Not much.COVID isolation during senior weekI just tested positive, so I have to isolate until Sunday.  Does anyone know if they'll make me move out on Friday, still, or if I can stay longer?

And will they still provide food or do I just have to break isolation to eat?They should still keep you on campus. I unfortunately had it during finals week and they gave me an extra two days on campus after my isolation period was over since my last isolation day was the 15th and they give me a move out day of the 17thUpdate to the update: they'll keep me on campus through the weekend too!Update: they've told me they'll keep feeding me throughout the weekend.Turning commencement into a super spreader event would have been hilariousWhy would you test before your graduation? You wanted to miss your graduation?>Kinda dumb of you to test right before graduation

We apparently have different definitions of dumb esmthin, and likely responsibility. They might have people coming who are trying to be careful, or any numbers of things like trying to avoid spread and minimize risk to others.It’s literally commencement. There’s no reason to miss your own commencement for testing positive on an optional test. The OP could have just worn a mask if he/she was so worried.>It’s literally commencement. There’s no reason to miss your own commencement for testing positive on an optional test. The OP could have just worn a mask if he/she was so worried.

Ok-Kaleidoscope-7320 that first year out of high school is hard, so I'm just going to ignore the above as it's not like you've had Life Sciences 1A yet. Look forward to seeing you around but consider that maybe you don't have it all figured out just yet and are missing some variables in your equations.Kinda dumb of you to test right before graduationDude fuck you, both my parents are immunocompromised of course I’m still going to test before they come for my graduationFair enough I’ll take thatThis is still a thing?  Sounds like good quarry for overdisciplined martinets.They should still keep you on campus. I unfortunately had it during finals week and they gave me an extra two days on campus after my isolation period was over since my last isolation day was the 15th and they give me a move out day of the 17thUpdate to the update: they'll keep me on campus through the weekend too!Turning commencement into a super spreader event would have been hilariousIt’s literally commencement. There’s no reason to miss your own commencement for testing positive on an optional test. The OP could have just worn a mask if he/she was so worried.>It’s literally commencement. There’s no reason to miss your own commencement for testing positive on an optional test. The OP could have just worn a mask if he/she was so worried.

Ok-Kaleidoscope-7320 that first year out of high school is hard, so I'm just going to ignore the above as it's not like you've had Life Sciences 1A yet. Look forward to seeing you around but consider that maybe you don't have it all figured out just yet and are missing some variables in your equations.>Kinda dumb of you to test right before graduation

We apparently have different definitions of dumb esmthin, and likely responsibility. They might have people coming who are trying to be careful, or any numbers of things like trying to avoid spread and minimize risk to others.Fair enough I’ll take thatDude fuck you, both my parents are immunocompromised of course I’m still going to test before they come for my graduation>It’s literally commencement. There’s no reason to miss your own commencement for testing positive on an optional test. The OP could have just worn a mask if he/she was so worried.

Ok-Kaleidoscope-7320 that first year out of high school is hard, so I'm just going to ignore the above as it's not like you've had Life Sciences 1A yet. Look forward to seeing you around but consider that maybe you don't have it all figured out just yet and are missing some variables in your equations.It’s literally commencement. There’s no reason to miss your own commencement for testing positive on an optional test. The OP could have just worn a mask if he/she was so worried.Fair enough I’ll take that>It’s literally commencement. There’s no reason to miss your own commencement for testing positive on an optional test. The OP could have just worn a mask if he/she was so worried.

Ok-Kaleidoscope-7320 that first year out of high school is hard, so I'm just going to ignore the above as it's not like you've had Life Sciences 1A yet. Look forward to seeing you around but consider that maybe you don't have it all figured out just yet and are missing some variables in your equations.Getting an apartment with Harvard HousingGood day, I am an international grad student starting this fall at HMS. Does any body know how likely it is to get housing at Harvard at Trilogy through the lottery by Harvard Housing?I have a window for selection June 2Oops I’m wrong, I knew the view and select times had been given out thought the selections had already happened. Not sure what the odds are but maybe ask around and see what days and times other people got to see how many people may be before you. I just checked and have june 2 at 8AMOkie thank you!Lottery already happened for this year I believeOh no 😭Trilogy? No way. You were simply unlucky. Trilogy one beds run out by the first week, two beds by the second, and suites by the third week. Unfortunately, all other goods ones are likely gone as well.

Just get something like Peabody Terrace, which I don’t understand its wide unpopularity, and take M2 shuttles for at least a year.I was shocked when I got June 2 as I started the process very early. StressedI'm in the same boat! My lottery selection date in June 2 and for sure there will be nothing left by then 😭. I haven't even started looked for other options yet  really hoping we find somethingBefore now I was like, " June 2 is fine, I will fine somewhere close to HMS to live", 🙄🙈You already heard about GSAS? I thought they didn’t send lottery results until early June?Good luck to uss! 😅Yes thats correct. However I'd been communicating with the person responsible for this via email. After I told them how I'm waiting for it and all, they ended up telling me that they received a list from hgse and as per that I'm 25th on the wait list so there's no chance I'm a part of the lottery. That's how I know alreadyGonna pray about it, all the best!!!Same! I'd applied for the GSAS housing option as well and guess what I'm 25th on the waiting list like wth where are we gonna live 😭 😅You can still try to get a unit from current available after the lottery ends, as people will give up the unit they previously chose. Tho I don’t think trilogy will enter the pool again, you can still have some huh units to choose from.gosh darn how did you get into harvard medical school??? pls help meOops I’m wrong, I knew the view and select times had been given out thought the selections had already happened. Not sure what the odds are but maybe ask around and see what days and times other people got to see how many people may be before you. I just checked and have june 2 at 8AMOkie thank you!I have a window for selection June 2Oh no 😭I was shocked when I got June 2 as I started the process very early. StressedGood luck to uss! 😅Gonna pray about it, all the best!!!Before now I was like, " June 2 is fine, I will fine somewhere close to HMS to live", 🙄🙈Yes thats correct. However I'd been communicating with the person responsible for this via email. After I told them how I'm waiting for it and all, they ended up telling me that they received a list from hgse and as per that I'm 25th on the wait list so there's no chance I'm a part of the lottery. That's how I know alreadyYou already heard about GSAS? I thought they didn’t send lottery results until early June?Okie thank you!Oops I’m wrong, I knew the view and select times had been given out thought the selections had already happened. Not sure what the odds are but maybe ask around and see what days and times other people got to see how many people may be before you. I just checked and have june 2 at 8AMGonna pray about it, all the best!!!Good luck to uss! 😅Yes thats correct. However I'd been communicating with the person responsible for this via email. After I told them how I'm waiting for it and all, they ended up telling me that they received a list from hgse and as per that I'm 25th on the wait list so there's no chance I'm a part of the lottery. That's how I know alreadyOkie thank you!Gonna pray about it, all the best!!!What were your 5 favorite classes and why?What were your 5 favorite classes and why?

Follow Up: Is there any method to how the canvas site web page numbers work? I'd like to browse through previous versions of different classes during the coronavirus when they were all recorded.Here are mine! I love them equally, but some require a good amount of prereq. (You can access past web pages, but videos from the covid year are not available. College policy.)

  
\- K-12 Education (Gen Ed). A unique class with great pedagogy and amazing material. A real "fish out of water" moment for me.  
\- Justice (Gen Ed). It's as good as the public videos look, if you take the courage to participate in class.  
\- CS 61 (Systems). A hard class that forced me to code a lot and brought my blocking group together. The amount of comfort I had before & after taking that class is incredible, and it's pretty accessible to any serious CS student.  
\- CS 227 (Cryptography). A pretty advanced / niche class, but Boaz had so many deep insights about the field.  
\- Stat 210. No one teaches probability quite like Joe does. The hw's are long, but taught me a lot of intuition that I find myself solving problems in 2 lines when peers from non-Harvard background would be integrating 8 lines of math. It's an epic class.the conflict resolution gened is actually very good if you ignore the undercurrent of self-aggrandizement (from the professor)

Math 113 is also excellent for math/physics analysis requirements because you don't have to do anything but derivatives the whole semester, but that's a product of how complex analysis works and not the class itselfStill a thing, and the lectures are all publicly available!Gened 1104, iircLove that. Thanks!I graduated a while ago, but Science and Cooking was fun. I don't remember the number of it and idk if it's still a thing.How would you describe the work load?Approx. 10 hr. class/lab/section per week, plus 30-50 hr. outside of class (working as a group most of the time lmao).  Memorable lines include "learn Python on your own and we'll start putting it on problem sets in a few weeks" and "let's learn linear algebra in two weeks!"  On the plus side, it's double credits and the professors/course staff are seriously amazing people.  TBH, the sheer amount of time and effort for the class, plus the like 1:5 professor:student ratio, lets it teach integrated/interdisciplinary life science in a way that'd be impossible in the scope of a regular course.

Edit: and the Q guide scores are consistently super high too, which I think says a lot about the culture/materialIdk about 5, but for freshmen interested in life sciences LS50's absolutely phenomenal.  Best class I've ever taken in my life.Love that. Thanks!Still a thing, and the lectures are all publicly available!Gened 1104, iircApprox. 10 hr. class/lab/section per week, plus 30-50 hr. outside of class (working as a group most of the time lmao).  Memorable lines include "learn Python on your own and we'll start putting it on problem sets in a few weeks" and "let's learn linear algebra in two weeks!"  On the plus side, it's double credits and the professors/course staff are seriously amazing people.  TBH, the sheer amount of time and effort for the class, plus the like 1:5 professor:student ratio, lets it teach integrated/interdisciplinary life science in a way that'd be impossible in the scope of a regular course.

Edit: and the Q guide scores are consistently super high too, which I think says a lot about the culture/materialHow would you describe the work load?Love that. Thanks!Approx. 10 hr. class/lab/section per week, plus 30-50 hr. outside of class (working as a group most of the time lmao).  Memorable lines include "learn Python on your own and we'll start putting it on problem sets in a few weeks" and "let's learn linear algebra in two weeks!"  On the plus side, it's double credits and the professors/course staff are seriously amazing people.  TBH, the sheer amount of time and effort for the class, plus the like 1:5 professor:student ratio, lets it teach integrated/interdisciplinary life science in a way that'd be impossible in the scope of a regular course.

Edit: and the Q guide scores are consistently super high too, which I think says a lot about the culture/materialDoes anyone know how often Harvard pays royalties to employee inventors of intellectual property? (Monthly, Quarterly, Annually?)So if you work for harvard and invent something during your work, you receive a 35% royalty of the net revenues of the product.

But how often is this royalty paid out? Is it monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, annual?It doesn't, pretty sure it's homework for some online article/comment. The only interesting thing about it is they somehow found this sub and chose to ask here instead of the million other routes online.Why would it matter?It doesn't, pretty sure it's homework for some online article/comment. The only interesting thing about it is they somehow found this sub and chose to ask here instead of the million other routes online.When are QReports for Spring 2022 classes released?I'm just curious about this.Are tourists allowed in Harvard Yard right now?I read that only official tours are allowed, but is there anything preventing me from exploring the area without being a student?>Are tourists allowed in Harvard Yard right now?

YesHave lived in the area 9+ years, even during the pandemic people could visit no problem. It's just like anywhere else: be respectful, don't be disruptive, and you'll be fine. Enjoy the Yard!I have strolled through Harvard yard without issue at night. Probably as late as 11pm.Of course since this is Harvard, the information is decentralized and disorganized.

https://alumni.harvard.edu/college/seniors/commencement says the only ticketed events are Class Day afternoon (Wednesday May 25th, though the Old Yard is open without a ticket), and Commencement Morning (Thursday May 26th).

https://commencement.harvard.edu/ticket-information talks about tickets for May 26th and May 29th (postponed graduation for 2020 and 2021). It says nothing about Class Day tickets.

https://commencement.harvard.edu/events-schedule has no information about which events do and don't require tickets.

In the past, they've also closed the Yard during big reunion events, like the Saturday picnics.Commencement is this week so between tomorrow Tuesday 24th and Thursday 26th, you won’t be allowed. You need tickets to attend (probably there are some events where you don’t need tickets but I believe they are later at night)Figured I’d pop in and ask this question since during visitas I almost lost my shit LOL. How does the gate closing system work? Is it like at a certain time of the night certain gates close - like which stay open typically?I’m not sure exactly How it works, but the main gates of the yard close around 7 pm. A few random ones that make logical spots for foot traffic stay open. You’ll learn them quickly. 

The gates at the main houses often lock for safety reasons. Students swipe in with their IDs.Johnston, Thayer, Lamont, Widener, and Porcellian Gates are usually open 24 hours. Of course someone who knows the gate names probably knew the schedule already.Thanks so much, got it!Thanks so much man! I’m gonna screenshot this for later so that I can put it together when I’m on campus:)Some of the gates lock after a certain hour, but several will still be open for people.Yes.  No.Yes. We went just yesterdayAs an employee and student, yesOf course since this is Harvard, the information is decentralized and disorganized.

https://alumni.harvard.edu/college/seniors/commencement says the only ticketed events are Class Day afternoon (Wednesday May 25th, though the Old Yard is open without a ticket), and Commencement Morning (Thursday May 26th).

https://commencement.harvard.edu/ticket-information talks about tickets for May 26th and May 29th (postponed graduation for 2020 and 2021). It says nothing about Class Day tickets.

https://commencement.harvard.edu/events-schedule has no information about which events do and don't require tickets.

In the past, they've also closed the Yard during big reunion events, like the Saturday picnics.I’m not sure exactly How it works, but the main gates of the yard close around 7 pm. A few random ones that make logical spots for foot traffic stay open. You’ll learn them quickly. 

The gates at the main houses often lock for safety reasons. Students swipe in with their IDs.Johnston, Thayer, Lamont, Widener, and Porcellian Gates are usually open 24 hours. Of course someone who knows the gate names probably knew the schedule already.Thanks so much, got it!Thanks so much man! I’m gonna screenshot this for later so that I can put it together when I’m on campus:)Figured I’d pop in and ask this question since during visitas I almost lost my shit LOL. How does the gate closing system work? Is it like at a certain time of the night certain gates close - like which stay open typically?Thanks so much, got it!I’m not sure exactly How it works, but the main gates of the yard close around 7 pm. A few random ones that make logical spots for foot traffic stay open. You’ll learn them quickly. 

The gates at the main houses often lock for safety reasons. Students swipe in with their IDs.Thanks so much man! I’m gonna screenshot this for later so that I can put it together when I’m on campus:)Johnston, Thayer, Lamont, Widener, and Porcellian Gates are usually open 24 hours. Of course someone who knows the gate names probably knew the schedule already.Thanks so much, got it!Thanks so much man! I’m gonna screenshot this for later so that I can put it together when I’m on campus:)rising sophomore taking ec1011ahi, rising sophomore planning on taking ec1011a in the upcoming fall. I am thinking of doing applied math and ec and want to take ec1011a to see if I truly like ec enough to pursue it (have taken 10a and b before). any general suggestions/experiences/recommendations to prep a bit for it over the summer are welcome^ have also heard you crank out derivativesGet really good at taking derivatives fastany reasoning at all behind saying that?It’s good for ur future trust meDo it1. Practice taking derivatives. You'll need to be fast.
2. Each lecture usually introduces some concepts and models, with a lot of math in between. I saw people frantically copying the math, but they are not important. Instead, look for the results of the model (usually the comparative statics) and figure out why they make intuitive sense.^ have also heard you crank out derivativesIt’s good for ur future trust meany reasoning at all behind saying that?It’s good for ur future trust mequestions about life/academics at Harvardhey guys

in a really crazy turn of events I got off of the Harvard waitlist yesterday. it still does not really feel real and I'm very excited about the opportunity.

I don't have too long to decide so I figured id come on here to ask a few questions. just to help with answers I'm currently committed to another school with a great business school for finance. at Harvard id primarily do Econ but id love to also do global affairs or something of the sort. as of right now Im interested in IB/consulting but I mean who knows in four years that might change.

questions:

I feel like I always hear about grade inflation at Harvard and I'm curious what its actually like. obviously I'm guessing it's difficult to do well in the classes there but do curves help a lot or something?

what is the atmosphere on campus like? above all I want a school that is collaborative among its classmates. does it becomes especially cutthroat between Econ majors who all want to be placed in big 3 consulting or the major IB?

in general, do most people who want to be placed on a Goldman Sachs-level IB or Bain-level consulting get it or is it still a relatively low percentage?

this last one is probably really dependent on who I ask but what is the work/life balance like? I'm sure the classes will be super difficult and require a large time commitment, but how is the social scene?

I think this is most of them but I'll edit this or something if I think of others

thanks!There's no social scene, but the campus is leagues better than Notre Dame. Notre Dame is basically a flavorless enclave with a few chains in a food court and a 1.5 hour train ride to Chicago, surrounded by a dying town and next to a richer town with a...mall.

Cambridge is an enclave of banks and Corp shops then some local shops, ready access to Boston via the T and the Charles river. More likely to get your bike stolen, but there's keytar bear and a guy who needs his flat fixed. I have issues with Cambridge but not compared to Notre Dame.

It's competitive, but everyone wants you to get to where you want to go and if you're doing the work you should get there (and if you got in you should be able to do the work). Life balance really depends on your program, but lives are overrated. You only get to do this once, try not to make the choice out of fear.Just adding on to the work/life point - Ec can be an extremely light major or a fairly time consuming one. There are relatively few required courses so it's really up to you how difficult you want to make it and what non-major classes you want to take alongside it. If you like math, you can take a lot of very math heavy courses. If you prefer writing papers, there are also lots of options to do that. 

I have friends that did Ec alongside a ton of CS and Applied Math courses and I have friends that basically majored in Gov with the bare minimum Ec courses.>I feel like I always hear about grade inflation at Harvard and I'm curious what its actually like. obviously I'm guessing it's difficult to do well in the classes there but do curves help a lot or something?

Grade inflation does not correlate to the difficulty of the course material and how much time you'll be spending outside of class. Harvard classes will be difficult. However, grade inflation definitely exists here. Not to the extent that everyone will be receive an A or it is easy to receive to an A, but the reality is in most classes the overwhelming majority of grades tend to follow in the B+ to A range and it's rare for people to receive Cs (or lower) in classes (even though it does happen on occasion). Ultimately, if you focus on academics, you probably keep your GPA over a 3.6 here (the average for each graduating class is usually over/under 3.65), but there's no guarantee you'll get a 4.0 or anything.

>what is the atmosphere on campus like? above all I want a school that is collaborative among its classmates. does it becomes especially cutthroat between Econ majors who all want to be placed in big 3 consulting or the major IB?

Honestly, compared to what we hear from other schools, I would say Harvard students tend to be pretty collaborative and it's not super cutthroat or competitive. Others can feel free to disagree.

>in general, do most people who want to be placed on a Goldman Sachs-level IB or Bain-level consulting get it or is it still a relatively low percentage?

You're not going to find an accurate percentage on Reddit and it's hard to find the exact and accurate numbers (unless you do the research yourself and actively attempt to hunt down each graduating senior's postgrad plans). However, I do believe saying that "most" reach that level would be an exaggeration. No matter what university you go to, getting into those kind of companies after undergrad is difficult and it's probably a low percentage. That said, we're at Harvard, and I would assume compared to other colleges and universities, that we're up there with having one of the highest percentages.

>this last one is probably really dependent on who I ask but what is the work/life balance like? I'm sure the classes will be super difficult and require a large time commitment, but how is the social scene?

It  depends on what classes you take and what is your major. I'm planning to concentrate in CS, and from my first-year experience alone, it's definitively more work than life and my prospective sophomore year courses are supposed to be more difficult. However, CS is one of the most time-consuming majors. For Econ, I would believe there is more of a balance + (again) it really depends on how much you prioritize academics.

Feel free to PM with more questions.Also, it seems that the school you are currently committed to is Notre Dame and the costs are the same.

With that information, even though Notre Dame is still a fantastic school with an excellent business program, I don't know why you wouldn't choose Harvard. 

Outside of just prestige, Harvard is simply in a better location. We're talking about Boston vs. Indiana.It’s not crazy to choose ND over H though many people will tell you it is. They are very different schools and you need to think about which is a better fit for YOU, not which is the better school. 

ND is gorgeous and the campus is the universe. This combined with the…sports fervor (very cool btw) creates a strong community. Harvard is embedded in Cambridge and adjacent to Boston and while most students don’t go to Boston all that often the proximity helps Harvard feel not so, well isolated. But the price for that creates a community that is not as cohesive as ND. 

Mendoza is a pre professional program. Harvard is a liberal arts college, even if its Econ program is hearty. Both are just a different approach to education. Both will land you a job afterwards but HOW do you want to be educated? 

Econ at H. is huge with a pipeline to the Wall Street financial sector — but it’s huge and it’s competitive. Even the consulting clubs here are competitive. Just a lot of people trying to do the same thing…

Both schools have strong alumni support. Sure Harvard is more prestigious but ND alums are zealots (in the coolest sense of that term!). Prestige isn’t a good reason to choose a school imo. 

ND is a catholic school. That informs the community. This might be important to you. 

H is more…diverse. You will find your people, but there are really lots and lots of disparate groups. Might take more time. This might be exciting to some and chaotic to others.Daamn congratulations!> in general, do most people who want to be placed on a Goldman Sachs-level IB or Bain-level consulting get it

Yes.life sucks and school sucks. jk try to join the consulting club, it’s competitive but it sounds like you’d enjoy a challenge. I don’t think every class is cutthroat, there is some inflation but it depends on the class. join PBHA or other service orgs, definitely more collaborative feel thereI'll answer atmosphere, career & social, since they're more fun :D

Atmosphere: most people are really chill, especially after 1st semester freshman. What people are doing is so different that when you meet someone, there is nothing you need to "prove". So, people are quite nice and will often just share fun stories. There are definitely cutthroat people still, but I ran into like 3 in my time here.

Career: yeah most do. I had 5 friends who were into consulting. Three are at McKinsey, one at Bain, and the other realized that his true love is CS. Probably a biased sample, but it still illustrates something. In general, Harvard career service is great & the name will almost always get you a first-round interview. Your task is to take that interview into an offer.

Social scene: since Harvard doesn't have greek life, most parties I went to are low-key hangout kind of vibe. Some friends having a beer over a game of beer pong or mario kart, for example.

Econ is one of the more chill majors and you should have a pretty good balance, e.g. doing homeworks on weekday nights then you have Friday night & weekend free. Premeds and CS have it tougher.Just adding on to the work/life point - Ec can be an extremely light major or a fairly time consuming one. There are relatively few required courses so it's really up to you how difficult you want to make it and what non-major classes you want to take alongside it. If you like math, you can take a lot of very math heavy courses. If you prefer writing papers, there are also lots of options to do that. 

I have friends that did Ec alongside a ton of CS and Applied Math courses and I have friends that basically majored in Gov with the bare minimum Ec courses.Taking in-person courses at Harvard?Hi, I'm a student at Dartmouth and I've been told by some upperclassmen that you can take certain courses at Harvard. How is this possible and can I take these in-person over the summer?  ThanksThere's something called the Harvard Summer School, but the registration deadline may or may not have passed. What classes would you be interested in? What would be the reason for wanting to take classes at Harvard?Audit?When are grades due?I still haven't received a grade from one of my classes. Do you know when all grades should be entered?Which means the absolute latest grades are due is today. So hopefully we’ll get them tomorrow?Yes, assuming all your professors post their grades on time, you should be able to check you grades by 12:00 AM tomorrow.You can view due dates for grades by course at this link: https://infoforfaculty.fas.harvard.edu/book/due-dates-grades.Yes, assuming all your professors post their grades on time, you should be able to check you grades by 12:00 AM tomorrow.Which means the absolute latest grades are due is today. So hopefully we’ll get them tomorrow?Yes, assuming all your professors post their grades on time, you should be able to check you grades by 12:00 AM tomorrow.Commencement regalia questionDo the students from the College usually wear any tassels/etc. around the neck? I see this happening a lot with other undergrad institutions but now that I’m packing to come to graduation next week I’m realizing I don’t have anything of the sort. Just want to make sure I’m not missing something (the tassels do seem very fun to wear but a quick Google search is not yielding much on this topic).[deleted]Ok, thanks both! This is helpful, I’ll just show up with cap and gown then :)Typically those denote organizational affiliation or honors. There was no rule about those at my undergrad institution, you could even create one to show pride in what what you had accomplished. 

At Harvard I know you get stoles at the affinity ceremonies led by student organizations with administrative support. Other unsupported orgs may give them out as well (maybe like a sports team or ROTC) but since I'm not an undergrad I'm not sure what those orgs may be.Several organizations sent out emails about stoles a few weeks ago. If you are part of the organization just reach out to them.Ok, thanks both! This is helpful, I’ll just show up with cap and gown then :)[deleted]Ok, thanks both! This is helpful, I’ll just show up with cap and gown then :)What are some good hackathons CS majors should look into for the summer?TitleHow are you even supposed to get involved in this?Perhaps start by going to the dean of students office?How about working with whoever runs the blocking system to fix their janky cs50 web dev website? Look to things you can build at harvard so ppl can actually use itThe Call for Code challenge is a nice longer term one: https://developer.ibm.com/callforcode/Perhaps start by going to the dean of students office?How are you even supposed to get involved in this?Perhaps start by going to the dean of students office?What are the best resources to prepare for CS121?I took CS20 last semester, and while I felt like the couse taught some useful practices in approaxhing proofs and mathematical notation, I think the material (namely the problems) in the class were a bit to basic / simple to improve my mathematical skills such that I would be fully comfortable taking a class like CS121. In other words, while the course taught a breadth of material, it didn't really go in depth that much and harder problems were often brushed over and rushed through. Therefore, I would like to prepare for 121 over the summer by doing more math problems to improve my mathematical thinking and maturity. What are some good resources to improve mathematical maturity, so I'm better prepared for CS 121 (amd 124)?There are a few resources that have been shared by past iterations of the course. This document from last fall: http://madhu.seas.harvard.edu/courses/Fall2021 has a few resources, most notably problem set 0 (which there will probably be a similar or the same pset for this fall). 

A more comprehensive resource is the background section of the course site from Fall 2020, https://cs121.boazbarak.org/background/
Boaz will be teaching the course again this fall so this is probably a little more relevant. Based on what you said, looking at some of the resources for MIT 6.042 linked on that page will probably be the most productive for you (although be sure to enjoy your summer!! There are a ton of in-semester resources for CS121 and preparation on the level of CS20 is exactly what’s expected of students)TheoryPrep is a GREAT resource! It was a volunteer program a bunch of CS121 and CS124 TFs did the summer of 2020 that was super helpful in gaining a lot of the skills that make those classes more doable. The link to the website is here, and I recommend watching their lecture videos and going through the psets yourself: https://alex-kj-chin.github.io/theoryprep/Pre orientation and move in question for 2022If doing pre orientation this year, can we move to the freshman dorms directly? or there is some temporary housing for pre orientation program and then move to the formal dorm after pre is done and during the regular move in days? If it is the later, where can I store my move in stuff during pre?? A bit unclear.it says on the page that move in day will be the day prior to pre-orientationMove in day for those going to pre-orientation is August 19thCeleb Kids at Harvard Was talking to my brother at Yale the other day and he told me that a lot of celeb kids go there. Is it really true that children/relatives of A-list celebrities/TV personalities etc are currently at Ivies/T10s but current students are supposed to be lowkey about them?Yeah, I'm here."CEO of Microsoft's daughter" 

Sir, touch some grass, psets could wait. /sYara Shahidi

The CEO of Microsoft's daughter goes here.

There are plenty of other kids who have parents that are multimillionaires/billionaires.

That said, it's not that big of a deal. They might have famous parents, but they're just normal teenagers/young adults.Malia Obama... the simplistic idiocy of the American celebrity subculture never ceases to amaze me.Yeah - Malia Obama just graduated, for instance>Is it really true that children/relatives of A-list celebrities/TV personalities etc are currently at Ivies/T10s but current students are supposed to be lowkey about them?

Is there a directive given by the administration not to fangirl around them? No. Assuming other students even know who these kids are, is it common sense to behave normally? Yes.My brother in law went to the Kennedy school a few years back and one of his best friends in the program was a former 90s child star. I thought it was nice that the guy could find a completely different thing to do with his life than what he was originally famous for.Yes, in the graduate schools too in my experience. Billionaires' children, a president's kid, children of major corporate/media/political/academic figures. It's less that you're supposed to be lowkey—it's pretty natural when they're just a classmate working on the same things as youMy roommate was the great nephew of the inventor of the Pap Smear.

A true brush with greatness.Would be kind of weird to not be lowkey about it - you're going to see them around so probably better to not make a big deal out of it.Oh lmaoIk a few sheikhs from the royal family and they operate on a different level than those celeb kidsI've been in classes with some or seen them at parties, it's not that you're supposed to be low-key but they're normal people while on campus. Freaking out or anything else is just rude to them.You can have cordial conversations with people but if you're weird about it you'll be avoided.Under a pseudonymMaybe not anymore but Xi Jingpings daughter was/is a student and maybe around MassachusettsMuqueca is fantastic. And if you're referring to rivers Cuomo i wouldn't really call him pop

But yeah great description of this phenomenonYeah, he's the one.  I have no idea what kind of music he makes.Lead singer of Weezer, they're kinda alt rock> alt rock

Come on, that's a kind of pop!  It's got, like, electric guitars and stuff!Lol music with electric guitars is pop? What does rock have?

They've only ever been nominated for or won awards in categories or Rock and Alternative, never Pop> What does rock have?

Rock is a kind of pop music, as far as I'm concerned.This was a while ago, but a girl in my entryway was the daughter of a US Representative.  I had no idea.  I had a friend who was the daughter of a very famous head of a media corporation; I had no idea until much later.  I had a friend who was the daughter of some very famous political author (I think); I also had no idea until much later.  On the other hand, I met some International Math Olympiad gold medalists, and HOLY SHIT, MAN.  I definitely got an autograph from one of them at prefrosh weekend.  Later, when I actually attended, we were casual acquaintances (say hi in the dining hall sort of thing).  OH, AND ON MY PHYSICS FINAL FRESHMAN YEAR I GOT THE SAME SCORE AS ANOTHER IMO GOLD MEDALIST and this will be my claim to fame forever.

Also some really famous violinist was in the music theory class I took, the year before I took it (I had friends in it).  People were really impressed at the final concert.  I was... not?  I mean, guy knows how to play his instrument, great.  So did most everyone else there.

Also some pop musician (whose name I won't disclose) went to Harvard at the same time I did; he was finishing his undergrad but was over a decade older than most other students.  A lot of people made a pretty big deal about it.  That wasn't my type of music, so I never really paid much attention there, but apparently it was a thing, I don't know.

Also one of my good friends was blockmates with Mark Zuckerberg.  But he wasn't famous; he was just some dude.  And Eduardo Saverin, original Facebook investor, once took me back to campus from a Brazilian restaurant in a taxi -- we went to a local Brazilian place with the Harvard Brazilian Organization (Muqueca in Inman -- it used to be a hell of a lot cheaper back then, but it was still delicious last I checked) when I started getting really sick (not getting into it, but it wasn't related to the food).  He called the taxi and made sure I got to my dorm OK.  Then he went on to be instrumental in starting Facebook."CEO of Microsoft's daughter" 

Sir, touch some grass, psets could wait. /sMalia Obama... the simplistic idiocy of the American celebrity subculture never ceases to amaze me.My brother in law went to the Kennedy school a few years back and one of his best friends in the program was a former 90s child star. I thought it was nice that the guy could find a completely different thing to do with his life than what he was originally famous for.Oh lmaoUnder a pseudonymYeah, he's the one.  I have no idea what kind of music he makes.Lead singer of Weezer, they're kinda alt rock> alt rock

Come on, that's a kind of pop!  It's got, like, electric guitars and stuff!Lol music with electric guitars is pop? What does rock have?

They've only ever been nominated for or won awards in categories or Rock and Alternative, never Pop> What does rock have?

Rock is a kind of pop music, as far as I'm concerned.Muqueca is fantastic. And if you're referring to rivers Cuomo i wouldn't really call him pop

But yeah great description of this phenomenonLead singer of Weezer, they're kinda alt rock> alt rock

Come on, that's a kind of pop!  It's got, like, electric guitars and stuff!Lol music with electric guitars is pop? What does rock have?

They've only ever been nominated for or won awards in categories or Rock and Alternative, never Pop> What does rock have?

Rock is a kind of pop music, as far as I'm concerned.Yeah, he's the one.  I have no idea what kind of music he makes.> alt rock

Come on, that's a kind of pop!  It's got, like, electric guitars and stuff!Lol music with electric guitars is pop? What does rock have?

They've only ever been nominated for or won awards in categories or Rock and Alternative, never Pop> What does rock have?

Rock is a kind of pop music, as far as I'm concerned.Lead singer of Weezer, they're kinda alt rockLol music with electric guitars is pop? What does rock have?

They've only ever been nominated for or won awards in categories or Rock and Alternative, never Pop> What does rock have?

Rock is a kind of pop music, as far as I'm concerned.> alt rock

Come on, that's a kind of pop!  It's got, like, electric guitars and stuff!> What does rock have?

Rock is a kind of pop music, as far as I'm concerned.Lol music with electric guitars is pop? What does rock have?

They've only ever been nominated for or won awards in categories or Rock and Alternative, never Pop> What does rock have?

Rock is a kind of pop music, as far as I'm concerned.Commencement class day dinner dress code?Wondering if there's a dress code for the class day dinner commencement activity.how can you exercise privately?👀What time is the gym usually empty/empty-ish
Are there any spaces to exercise outside?Do you know if there are people around 5.30 am?gyms don't open til 6am on weekdays - I'm a fitness instructor there and my coworkers always have people in their 7-8am classes so Id assume there are two peaks (open and then around dinner time 5pm on)  [facility hours](https://recreation.gocrimson.com/sports/2021/5/14/facility-hours.aspx)  so you know when the gyms are open :)Wow ! Thanks so much this is very helpful❤do you  know if there are any outside exercise spots, I'm kinda shy:/Most of the outside sport are going to be intermurals with teams. The gym hosts group fitness classes outside in the fall (weather permitting) but those tend to be dance classes. Until you feel more comfortable around others I would recommend checking the virtual fitness classes (same link) it’s just zoom classes you can keep cameras off. But if you choose a group class or an intermural people will be happy to have you and make you feel welcome, especially group fitness led by my coworkers and IThank you so much!!!❤️gyms are usually empty around mid-day (10am-2pm) but summer will be a slow time regardless.I'm going to be a first year so I guess that means I don't have access to any house gyms :/?Yes u do just ask someone to swipe u that’s what I did lolWhat time did you go? I'd like to exercise early in the morning but I don't know if there'd be anyone outside:/I'm partial to using house gyms when the weather is particularly bad, and there's usually no one else around most of the time. Only downside is that you'd need someone else to swipe you in if you don't live in that house.House gymsgyms don't open til 6am on weekdays - I'm a fitness instructor there and my coworkers always have people in their 7-8am classes so Id assume there are two peaks (open and then around dinner time 5pm on)  [facility hours](https://recreation.gocrimson.com/sports/2021/5/14/facility-hours.aspx)  so you know when the gyms are open :)Wow ! Thanks so much this is very helpful❤do you  know if there are any outside exercise spots, I'm kinda shy:/Most of the outside sport are going to be intermurals with teams. The gym hosts group fitness classes outside in the fall (weather permitting) but those tend to be dance classes. Until you feel more comfortable around others I would recommend checking the virtual fitness classes (same link) it’s just zoom classes you can keep cameras off. But if you choose a group class or an intermural people will be happy to have you and make you feel welcome, especially group fitness led by my coworkers and IThank you so much!!!❤️Do you know if there are people around 5.30 am?Yes u do just ask someone to swipe u that’s what I did lolWhat time did you go? I'd like to exercise early in the morning but I don't know if there'd be anyone outside:/I'm going to be a first year so I guess that means I don't have access to any house gyms :/?  [facility hours](https://recreation.gocrimson.com/sports/2021/5/14/facility-hours.aspx)  so you know when the gyms are open :)Wow ! Thanks so much this is very helpful❤do you  know if there are any outside exercise spots, I'm kinda shy:/Most of the outside sport are going to be intermurals with teams. The gym hosts group fitness classes outside in the fall (weather permitting) but those tend to be dance classes. Until you feel more comfortable around others I would recommend checking the virtual fitness classes (same link) it’s just zoom classes you can keep cameras off. But if you choose a group class or an intermural people will be happy to have you and make you feel welcome, especially group fitness led by my coworkers and IThank you so much!!!❤️gyms don't open til 6am on weekdays - I'm a fitness instructor there and my coworkers always have people in their 7-8am classes so Id assume there are two peaks (open and then around dinner time 5pm on)What time did you go? I'd like to exercise early in the morning but I don't know if there'd be anyone outside:/Yes u do just ask someone to swipe u that’s what I did lolWow ! Thanks so much this is very helpful❤do you  know if there are any outside exercise spots, I'm kinda shy:/Most of the outside sport are going to be intermurals with teams. The gym hosts group fitness classes outside in the fall (weather permitting) but those tend to be dance classes. Until you feel more comfortable around others I would recommend checking the virtual fitness classes (same link) it’s just zoom classes you can keep cameras off. But if you choose a group class or an intermural people will be happy to have you and make you feel welcome, especially group fitness led by my coworkers and IThank you so much!!!❤️  [facility hours](https://recreation.gocrimson.com/sports/2021/5/14/facility-hours.aspx)  so you know when the gyms are open :)What time did you go? I'd like to exercise early in the morning but I don't know if there'd be anyone outside:/Most of the outside sport are going to be intermurals with teams. The gym hosts group fitness classes outside in the fall (weather permitting) but those tend to be dance classes. Until you feel more comfortable around others I would recommend checking the virtual fitness classes (same link) it’s just zoom classes you can keep cameras off. But if you choose a group class or an intermural people will be happy to have you and make you feel welcome, especially group fitness led by my coworkers and IThank you so much!!!❤️Wow ! Thanks so much this is very helpful❤do you  know if there are any outside exercise spots, I'm kinda shy:/Thank you so much!!!❤️Most of the outside sport are going to be intermurals with teams. The gym hosts group fitness classes outside in the fall (weather permitting) but those tend to be dance classes. Until you feel more comfortable around others I would recommend checking the virtual fitness classes (same link) it’s just zoom classes you can keep cameras off. But if you choose a group class or an intermural people will be happy to have you and make you feel welcome, especially group fitness led by my coworkers and IThank you so much!!!❤️What was your favorite extracurricular at Harvard?Title!
Can be anything. From internship to sports to job. :)MIT frat partiesRowingIs CS107 worth taking?I am planning on concentrating in CS, amd I am taking CS120/121 + Stat110 next fall. I am looking to see of I can find a third CS class that's fairly manageable, and I can improve my skills. I took CS50 + CS51 freshman year. I looked at the Q-Guide, and I'm not sure CS107 would advance my skills given that I've taken CS51. Has anyone taking CS107 after CS51? Is it worth it? Also, are there any other CS courses (other than 61) that some concentrators take in their somphomore fall in addition to 120+110?I looked into this before and apparently Cs 107 isn’t even going to be offered until 2023 spring* U can check out Cs 171 thoughWhen are 2022 fall courses released?When is the schedule of 2022 classes released?2023-2024 AY preview 🧐It’s a typo- shows the 2022-2023 catalogue when you click[https://registrar.fas.harvard.edu/courses](https://registrar.fas.harvard.edu/courses) June will be when you can actually search but they have a prelim up right nowIt’s a typo- shows the 2022-2023 catalogue when you click2023-2024 AY preview 🧐It’s a typo- shows the 2022-2023 catalogue when you clickDoes our HUID's get deactivated over the summer?For students at the College, do we not have swipe access into any of the buildings anymore after May 15? Can we even get into some of the libraries like Widener or Lamont?According to the librarians at cabot, we can still get into the libraries now that they're open!They get deactivated. Every email sent makes it clear our cards are programmed to comply with move out if you're not a senior.If you're enrolled your HarvardKey will work for the libraries for intersessions between terms and summer term. I've heard of some libraries allowing access over them but not borrowing but think that's specific to them. If you aren't approved for housing over the summer your HUID won't allow you access to dorms/residential housing, same as winter recess.Harvard Housing Help: Pls help identify where these lovely apartments areOh man. As an international student, navigating brokers and identifying authenticity is anyway a challenge. Hence been sticking to known brokers that friends have used.   


This is very helpful though. DMing you.Hey! I was in your same situation 2 months ago. Any time I found an apartment on FB marketplace that seemed “too good to be true” they were 100% scams. They’re getting so elaborate nowadays that I even spoke on the phone to a “realtor” who sent me the application and everything. I only found out because I googled the rental company and there was nothing about it anywhere. Please be careful out there! I actually ended up using a realtor, if you DM me I can send you his info. He did a great job and was well worth the brokerage fee.Ouchie. Hurts, but good to know.100% scam. seen the same apartments. the ones too good to be true are fakeNone of those look like they're Harvard Housing. They're probably off-campus. And have you made an applicant account with Harvard Housing? Many of the units are likely taken already.yeah, these aren't HUH apartments. You'd have much better luck finding a roommate and searching off-campus. BUT you should start super quickly, as many apartments get taken off the market quickly.They look like Cambridgeport or the Broadway area.  Might be Somerville somewhere.  Porter Square area?  Up near Tufts maybe?  But apartments around the Camberville area are all mostly pretty similar; those pictures are pretty normal.  I've been to countless apartments just like the ones in the pictures, and I've lived in some too.  They're around.  I don't know how much they cost these days, probably a lot, but those apartments are completely normal for the area.I'm the original poster. The test with the pictures didn't get submitted.Ah, that makes sense.

Yes I have registered. My lottery is on the 18th.

Any suggestions on good 2B2B?Makes sense. You're right - they're going off the market like hot cakes.

&#x200B;

Again, any advice on good 2 or 3 beds on campus would be very helpful if you.

Thank you nonetheless.>Again, any advice on good 2 or 3 beds on campus would be very helpful if you.

You're not going to find a 2 or 3 bed on campus...I assume you mean off. Check CL and apartments.com  several times a day.Hi,

  
I am starting grad school this fall and have been relentlessly looking for apartments through the HUH website. I am seeking a 2B2B or 3B with 2 or 3 Baths, with the per resident cost at \~$1,400 / month.  
I've found some nice ones (e.g.  One Western Avenue, Peabody and Cowperthwite Street) -- they are compact, with necessary amenities,  but  nothing spectacular.  
However I'm on FB groups with GORGEOUS apartments - old school, large, wooden flooring, arched doorways, plenty natural sunlight - available for summer sublease, all within the same price range. I simply can't understand which these housing units are (I've messaged but haven't heard back).  
Seeking urgent help in identifying which units should I be looking at to find these. Sharing some sample pics. PLSSS help!  
THANK YOU!Oh man. As an international student, navigating brokers and identifying authenticity is anyway a challenge. Hence been sticking to known brokers that friends have used.   


This is very helpful though. DMing you.Ouchie. Hurts, but good to know.Ah, that makes sense.

Yes I have registered. My lottery is on the 18th.

Any suggestions on good 2B2B?None of those look like they're Harvard Housing. They're probably off-campus. And have you made an applicant account with Harvard Housing? Many of the units are likely taken already.Makes sense. You're right - they're going off the market like hot cakes.

&#x200B;

Again, any advice on good 2 or 3 beds on campus would be very helpful if you.

Thank you nonetheless.>Again, any advice on good 2 or 3 beds on campus would be very helpful if you.

You're not going to find a 2 or 3 bed on campus...I assume you mean off. Check CL and apartments.com  several times a day.yeah, these aren't HUH apartments. You'd have much better luck finding a roommate and searching off-campus. BUT you should start super quickly, as many apartments get taken off the market quickly.They look like Cambridgeport or the Broadway area.  Might be Somerville somewhere.  Porter Square area?  Up near Tufts maybe?  But apartments around the Camberville area are all mostly pretty similar; those pictures are pretty normal.  I've been to countless apartments just like the ones in the pictures, and I've lived in some too.  They're around.  I don't know how much they cost these days, probably a lot, but those apartments are completely normal for the area.I'm the original poster. The test with the pictures didn't get submitted.Ah, that makes sense.

Yes I have registered. My lottery is on the 18th.

Any suggestions on good 2B2B?>Again, any advice on good 2 or 3 beds on campus would be very helpful if you.

You're not going to find a 2 or 3 bed on campus...I assume you mean off. Check CL and apartments.com  several times a day.Makes sense. You're right - they're going off the market like hot cakes.

&#x200B;

Again, any advice on good 2 or 3 beds on campus would be very helpful if you.

Thank you nonetheless.>Again, any advice on good 2 or 3 beds on campus would be very helpful if you.

You're not going to find a 2 or 3 bed on campus...I assume you mean off. Check CL and apartments.com  several times a day.ideal number of roommates to maximize cleanliness & getting a good room?title! incoming freshman and not really sure how many roommates i should indicate on the housing form. having 5-6 seems excessive & i'd prefer having less but i'm not really sure how many is ideal. pretty flexible, i just want to have a clean room/suite and a relatively spacious/good room!! thanks so much!This is the right answer for cleanliness. It’s the only way to guarantee that the standard of cleanliness is your standard.0 roommatesThe cleanliness of your suite really depends on who your roommates are rather than how many you have. 

There isn't an ideal number.There isn't an ideal number, and I wouldn't try to game the system. My freshman year I put down 3 roommates but was given only one. We had an in suite bathroom and a common room, so I ended up with a single, which later on I appreciated. They will place you where they want to, and it is impossible to predict how they think. A lot of it is also heavily dependent on which dorm you are placed. So instead of focusing on trying to get a good room, focus on how many roommates you want and thinking about the life you want to live. Just fill out the survey honestly because filling it out incorrectly most likely won't even get you what you want.To maximize cleanliness... 0. But I was always willing to sacrifice cleanliness for meeting new people. In my opinion the more roommates the better since it's very rare that you'll have a terrible roommate. If you don't share interests with them, you don't have to hang out with them, but I'd rather risk having have roommates who I'm not best friends with than no roommates at all. 

Also remember most students (from what I've seen) don't work in their room. So if in the worst case you don't like your roommates or the room's not as clean as you'd like, you're not gonna be in there all that much.Don’t be the last one to move out or you’ll get stuck cleaning the place to get the deposit!lolThis is the right answer for cleanliness. It’s the only way to guarantee that the standard of cleanliness is your standard.Dirty Room Penalty FeeHow much is the dirty room fee? My suite mates just upped and left, leaving the room looking like shit.

Would cleaning it and asking them to pay me be a dick move?How much should I charge them?The fee is like $50 so at least that.thanks adviceguru!Happy cake day>Would cleaning it and asking them to pay me be a dick move?

No it wouldn't. You shouldn't even have to clean it to be honest.>Cleaning it isn't worth your time and you won't get comp'd for the work

This guy HarvardsYeah, even if you clean it and ask your roommate for money, there's no guarantee they'd actually pay you back ....There’s a -22% chance they’ll pay if they were willing to leave it trashed in the first place.You should just report it to administration. Cleaning it isn't worth your time and you won't get comp'd for the work. Just let them know and move on.Sichuanese are dogs who only play the glory of the kingThe fee is like $50 so at least that.thanks adviceguru!Happy cake dayHow much should I charge them?>Cleaning it isn't worth your time and you won't get comp'd for the work

This guy HarvardsThere’s a -22% chance they’ll pay if they were willing to leave it trashed in the first place.Yeah, even if you clean it and ask your roommate for money, there's no guarantee they'd actually pay you back ....thanks adviceguru!Happy cake dayThe fee is like $50 so at least that.There’s a -22% chance they’ll pay if they were willing to leave it trashed in the first place.thanks adviceguru!Happy cake daywhere are some nice places to study with lots of sunlight ?They asked for nice places...FloridaThe Smith CenterSmith Center roof deck!Tozzer libraryQuad yard!Science Library (facing the plaza), the empty pedestals on either side of Widener, the cafe or the library at the GSD or Quincy dhall in the early afternoonIt's getting warm enough to use the Yard.  Or JFK park...or Radcliffe Yard, Cambridge Common, Quad Yard, and so on...

If you need to be inside, Harkness Commons or 2nd floor of Langdell Library at the Law School.  There are tables you can use at Northwest Labs, as well, both in the first floor hallway on the west side, and the cafeteria.  Gutman Library has some nice sunny spots, too.Smith campus center!So there is a little garden by the Class of 1959 Chapel, right across Gordon Rd.They asked for nice places...Roommate applicationHello:) I'm writing the roommate application, and I'm  looking for suggestions as to what I should write about when it comes to what I'm like and what my idea roommate is like. For example I hadn't even considered alcohol until my brother mentioned I should probably include that I don't like heavy drinking , which I can see now is really important. 
Any help would be much appreciated ;)First, the biggest key is to just be honest. Some people try to present who they *want* to be on the app and not who they *are* and that'll just get you paired with non-ideal roommates. Figure out what you really like and be sure to express that strongly. My freshman year roommates and I all loved music and that was a really good bonding activity for us the entire year and helped us become really good friends immediately for example.

Some basic important things to think about and be sure you answer honestly are how clean do you want the room, how do you feel about smoking and drinking, how loud are you comfortable with the room being at different points of the day(our room was a hangout space for other people so it was loud until people went to bed. If you were a in-room studier this could've been difficult for you), and related to that what time do you like to go to bed.Thank you . I hadn't thought about the lights things either 😟Are you a morning person or a night owl? Can you fall asleep with lights on?
Do you keep your room messy or neat?
Can you tolerate a roommate who keeps their room messy?“I should probably include that I don't like heavy drinking , which I can see now is really important.“

Heavy drinking is really not that important.  You can do just fine at Harvard without it.people who snore or notThank you . I hadn't thought about the lights things either 😟Mental Health Awareness on Campus - Filming a Documentaryi’m visiting cambridge for only a day and am looking for examples of mental health culture on campus (eg. posters, signs, anything with mental health messaging on it). i’m making a documentary and am hoping to find some good footage for b-roll. any help or suggestions would be greatly appreciated!CS61: What is special about this course that makes it use C++ instead of C?I am asking this question as I had a look around other machine organization / OS-like courses in other unis, and found most of them use pure C, instead of C++.

I am considering taking CS61 next term, and wonder what is special about this course that it uses C++ instead?

&#x200B;

Thank you!Thanks. So CS61's C++ is basically just C with STL?  
(Sorry I have very low knowledge of C++, and Im considering doing extra preparation for the course over summer, hence the question).I'm no expert in C/C++ either, but yeah in my experience CS61 uses a C-like programming style with C++ thrown in where convenient. I came in with just CS50's level of C and I had no issues with the programming aspect of it. What makes CS61 difficult are the damn exams!I see, thx for the insight!Took it in the fall. Id say the use of STL allows students to focus more on the actual systems theory rather than the C/C++ programming languageI see. That would explain why there is no C+, but it went straight from C to C++. I always thought C++ should really be called C+=1.Thank you for the great reference. I actually did have a look at this before. I was hoping someone could expand a little bit on the link (especially seeing the link was specific to CS161 not CS61) and clarifies if the course needs C++ because it teaches materials that other similar courses don't, or simply the professor feels the benefit of using C++ outweighs the additional burden to learn it.  (A common reason I hear other OS courses use pure C is that C++ is too complicated and can be distracting from OS concepts. )Most of the CS161 content on the site such as the information at the link was written by the CS61 professor.

The link says that C++ is easier to understand and write as well as close enough to C such that the learning barrier is low if you know C.C++ has data structures in the standard library such as hash tables, which could be useful for your problem sets.

Read more [here](https://read.seas.harvard.edu/cs161/2022/doc/cplusplus/).Of course, that’s exactly what I’m asking… why does cs61 use c++ but not C, unlike most other OS-related course in other unis?
( translated as, what aspect of C++ is CS61 using?)one difference would be using stl data structures 

see, https://i.imgur.com/N7VO1PW.pngThx. Will definitely familiarize myself before the start of class (as I am usually slower with new programming languages /methods than other people)I'd take an online (think like coursera) course on c++ data structures or at least watch youtube videos on those topics (linked list, deque, pointers) if you are not familiar with those topics. Otherwise, the cs61 course will be like drinking out of a firehose!Ugh, thanks for the advice! I already took CS124 so I am familiar with those topics on conceptual level, but I did CS124 in python - need to pick up my C++ skill. I have so far written 0 lines of C++, and last time I briefly touched C was years ago. (I didnt take CS50)

I will be taking the UCLA CS31 introductory C++ course in summer, offered through UCLA extension school (though it is almost exactly the same as on-campus version). I know I can also just learn on coursera, but I have very bad self-discipline and prefer a bit more hand-holding.

[https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31](https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31)

Hopefully I will survive CS61!nice nice, that sounds like you are doing all the right stuff Amongst other things, C is a pure procedural language, C++ is a multi-paradigm language. There are deeper differences than 'c++ is just c but with a stl'..I'm no expert in C/C++ either, but yeah in my experience CS61 uses a C-like programming style with C++ thrown in where convenient. I came in with just CS50's level of C and I had no issues with the programming aspect of it. What makes CS61 difficult are the damn exams!I see, thx for the insight!Thanks. So CS61's C++ is basically just C with STL?  
(Sorry I have very low knowledge of C++, and Im considering doing extra preparation for the course over summer, hence the question).I see. That would explain why there is no C+, but it went straight from C to C++.Most of the CS161 content on the site such as the information at the link was written by the CS61 professor.

The link says that C++ is easier to understand and write as well as close enough to C such that the learning barrier is low if you know C.Thank you for the great reference. I actually did have a look at this before. I was hoping someone could expand a little bit on the link (especially seeing the link was specific to CS161 not CS61) and clarifies if the course needs C++ because it teaches materials that other similar courses don't, or simply the professor feels the benefit of using C++ outweighs the additional burden to learn it.  (A common reason I hear other OS courses use pure C is that C++ is too complicated and can be distracting from OS concepts. )one difference would be using stl data structures 

see, https://i.imgur.com/N7VO1PW.pngThx. Will definitely familiarize myself before the start of class (as I am usually slower with new programming languages /methods than other people)I'd take an online (think like coursera) course on c++ data structures or at least watch youtube videos on those topics (linked list, deque, pointers) if you are not familiar with those topics. Otherwise, the cs61 course will be like drinking out of a firehose!Ugh, thanks for the advice! I already took CS124 so I am familiar with those topics on conceptual level, but I did CS124 in python - need to pick up my C++ skill. I have so far written 0 lines of C++, and last time I briefly touched C was years ago. (I didnt take CS50)

I will be taking the UCLA CS31 introductory C++ course in summer, offered through UCLA extension school (though it is almost exactly the same as on-campus version). I know I can also just learn on coursera, but I have very bad self-discipline and prefer a bit more hand-holding.

[https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31](https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31)

Hopefully I will survive CS61!nice nice, that sounds like you are doing all the right stuffOf course, that’s exactly what I’m asking… why does cs61 use c++ but not C, unlike most other OS-related course in other unis?
( translated as, what aspect of C++ is CS61 using?)I see, thx for the insight!I'm no expert in C/C++ either, but yeah in my experience CS61 uses a C-like programming style with C++ thrown in where convenient. I came in with just CS50's level of C and I had no issues with the programming aspect of it. What makes CS61 difficult are the damn exams!Most of the CS161 content on the site such as the information at the link was written by the CS61 professor.

The link says that C++ is easier to understand and write as well as close enough to C such that the learning barrier is low if you know C.Thx. Will definitely familiarize myself before the start of class (as I am usually slower with new programming languages /methods than other people)I'd take an online (think like coursera) course on c++ data structures or at least watch youtube videos on those topics (linked list, deque, pointers) if you are not familiar with those topics. Otherwise, the cs61 course will be like drinking out of a firehose!Ugh, thanks for the advice! I already took CS124 so I am familiar with those topics on conceptual level, but I did CS124 in python - need to pick up my C++ skill. I have so far written 0 lines of C++, and last time I briefly touched C was years ago. (I didnt take CS50)

I will be taking the UCLA CS31 introductory C++ course in summer, offered through UCLA extension school (though it is almost exactly the same as on-campus version). I know I can also just learn on coursera, but I have very bad self-discipline and prefer a bit more hand-holding.

[https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31](https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31)

Hopefully I will survive CS61!nice nice, that sounds like you are doing all the right stuffone difference would be using stl data structures 

see, https://i.imgur.com/N7VO1PW.pngI see, thx for the insight!I'd take an online (think like coursera) course on c++ data structures or at least watch youtube videos on those topics (linked list, deque, pointers) if you are not familiar with those topics. Otherwise, the cs61 course will be like drinking out of a firehose!Ugh, thanks for the advice! I already took CS124 so I am familiar with those topics on conceptual level, but I did CS124 in python - need to pick up my C++ skill. I have so far written 0 lines of C++, and last time I briefly touched C was years ago. (I didnt take CS50)

I will be taking the UCLA CS31 introductory C++ course in summer, offered through UCLA extension school (though it is almost exactly the same as on-campus version). I know I can also just learn on coursera, but I have very bad self-discipline and prefer a bit more hand-holding.

[https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31](https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31)

Hopefully I will survive CS61!nice nice, that sounds like you are doing all the right stuffThx. Will definitely familiarize myself before the start of class (as I am usually slower with new programming languages /methods than other people)Ugh, thanks for the advice! I already took CS124 so I am familiar with those topics on conceptual level, but I did CS124 in python - need to pick up my C++ skill. I have so far written 0 lines of C++, and last time I briefly touched C was years ago. (I didnt take CS50)

I will be taking the UCLA CS31 introductory C++ course in summer, offered through UCLA extension school (though it is almost exactly the same as on-campus version). I know I can also just learn on coursera, but I have very bad self-discipline and prefer a bit more hand-holding.

[https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31](https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31)

Hopefully I will survive CS61!nice nice, that sounds like you are doing all the right stuffI'd take an online (think like coursera) course on c++ data structures or at least watch youtube videos on those topics (linked list, deque, pointers) if you are not familiar with those topics. Otherwise, the cs61 course will be like drinking out of a firehose!nice nice, that sounds like you are doing all the right stuffUgh, thanks for the advice! I already took CS124 so I am familiar with those topics on conceptual level, but I did CS124 in python - need to pick up my C++ skill. I have so far written 0 lines of C++, and last time I briefly touched C was years ago. (I didnt take CS50)

I will be taking the UCLA CS31 introductory C++ course in summer, offered through UCLA extension school (though it is almost exactly the same as on-campus version). I know I can also just learn on coursera, but I have very bad self-discipline and prefer a bit more hand-holding.

[https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31](https://www.uclaextension.edu/digital-technology/programming/course/introduction-computer-science-i-com-sci-xl-31)

Hopefully I will survive CS61!nice nice, that sounds like you are doing all the right stuffHow is the LIFE pre-orientation program?Kind of meh online (I did it last year), but I ended up meeting cool people who I've stayed kinda close with! It'll prob be a lot better in person lolsignificant drop in academic performance??a mix of senioritis, my job, and stress from my household have made my drop a little they aren’t objectively bad but they just aren’t what they were when i first sent in my application you know.  i’m expecting to end this year  3 B+, 2 A-, 1 A, and possibly 1B but i was admitted as a straight A student.. in short would they view this as a significant drop in my grades?thank youuu :)As long as you don't have a C or lower, you're fine.

Even then, you would probably still be fine.That isn’t quite true. Every school where a student matriculates receives a final transcript, which will include senior grades. Having said that, I don’t imagine B and better grades would matter.Yes, they get the transcript that shows graduation, but they don’t evaluate the final semester’s grades.Not quite true. More like they look for major red flags and ignore the rest.They don’t recheck your grades after admission. They just get confirmation that you graduated.pre fosh senioritis unityLmaooo bro I got the same exact grades as u rn as a senior toohaha thank you so much lol but i’m a pre fosh.. but thank you i’ll probably be in the same situation four years from nowOh, a High School senior. Sorry...Your BA will say Harvard and that's all an employer will ask for. I graduated from law school and got a PhD; when I applied for jobs no one asked about my GPA. 40 years on and couldn't even tell you what it was...bro who hurt you get over yourself and find some bitches 😭😭you’re talking about finding bitches bro look at what you just posted💀[deleted]Why don’t you come on some bitches instead[deleted][removed][deleted]ty!nour all good don’t worry! u only have to worry about Cs or lower tbh, and even then if u wrote a good explanation to them they’d probably be chill. in this case, absolutely no explanation needed!Man I’m actually worried now, I got 1 C now but it’s in AP Chem. Then I got like 2Bs and the rest A’sthank youuu :)Yes, they get the transcript that shows graduation, but they don’t evaluate the final semester’s grades.Not quite true. More like they look for major red flags and ignore the rest.That isn’t quite true. Every school where a student matriculates receives a final transcript, which will include senior grades. Having said that, I don’t imagine B and better grades would matter.pre fosh senioritis unityOh, a High School senior. Sorry...haha thank you so much lol but i’m a pre fosh.. but thank you i’ll probably be in the same situation four years from nowyou’re talking about finding bitches bro look at what you just posted💀[deleted]Why don’t you come on some bitches instead[deleted][removed]bro who hurt you get over yourself and find some bitches 😭😭ty!Not quite true. More like they look for major red flags and ignore the rest.Yes, they get the transcript that shows graduation, but they don’t evaluate the final semester’s grades.Oh, a High School senior. Sorry...you’re talking about finding bitches bro look at what you just posted💀Why don’t you come on some bitches instead[deleted][removed][deleted]Not quite true. More like they look for major red flags and ignore the rest.[deleted][removed]Why don’t you come on some bitches instead[removed][deleted][removed]Average broker fee?Hey all,

I'm starting next fall and I'm trying to get a rough idea of broker fees so I can decide between on campus or off campus housing. Thanks!cheers, thanks.1 month's rent is pretty standard. It fucking sucks. Most places you have to pay 3 or 4 months rent just to move in: first month's, last month's, broker's, security deposit.I don't know for sure but my friends who have attended all recommend getting a move on quick.Broker fee is generally one months rent, sometimes with the added "background check" fee (they'll often have you go use a known service and send the results). With the first/last and deposit it can get pretty brutal for a move-in.

Best time for looking for Sept 1st is March/April, that's when the listings will start. Moving on Sept 1st is a nightmare around Cambridge. You can find stuff in other times, but you are playing roulette; it may be there's a vacancy because someone bailed on the landlord, or it may be they left because keytar bear lives above them and it's now your problem for the landlord to ignore.

The system is basically designed to extract money from students passing through, push up property values and force undesirables to move to different areas while ironically displaying BLM signs. Be on the lookout for scams, they're rife due to how many are rented sight unseen.I'm in the same boat. I've seen a lot of places where the broker fee = one month's rent. Also would love to know when the best time to start looking for a fall place would be. I've had brokers tell me that I need to have a place nailed down by June for Sept 1 but others have told me that's bs.thanks amigo.It sucks, but one month's rent is usually the standard broker fee. Also, in terms of finding new leases (which is where a broker would be involved), it is indeed "the earlier the better". 

However, if you're looking to replace a roommate on an existing lease, then there's a high likelihood of dodging a broker's fee and also more time flexibility, with the tradeoff that you don't have as much control over whom you live with. Keep an eye on the Facebook groups for this; good options continue to pop up well into the summer.Sounds like the dream.It was a great place, and my wife and I miss the time in our lives when we lived there.Man, I'm so glad that when I needed to find my own place, my brother found a private landlord for whom we didn't need any broker fees. $1300/month in the early 2010s for a 1 bedroom apartment with free heat and parking space included in Brookline less than 10 minutes from the Longwood Medical Area. No rent increase ever while I lived there.

I wonder how rare it is to find that kind of private owner, no broker situation nowadays.cheers, thanks.I don't know for sure but my friends who have attended all recommend getting a move on quick.Broker fee is generally one months rent, sometimes with the added "background check" fee (they'll often have you go use a known service and send the results). With the first/last and deposit it can get pretty brutal for a move-in.

Best time for looking for Sept 1st is March/April, that's when the listings will start. Moving on Sept 1st is a nightmare around Cambridge. You can find stuff in other times, but you are playing roulette; it may be there's a vacancy because someone bailed on the landlord, or it may be they left because keytar bear lives above them and it's now your problem for the landlord to ignore.

The system is basically designed to extract money from students passing through, push up property values and force undesirables to move to different areas while ironically displaying BLM signs. Be on the lookout for scams, they're rife due to how many are rented sight unseen.thanks amigo.It was a great place, and my wife and I miss the time in our lives when we lived there.Sounds like the dream.It was a great place, and my wife and I miss the time in our lives when we lived there.Will I get my first-choice pre-orientation program?I can’t write “what are my chances” bc Reddit thinks I’m asking about admission and blocks my question. I just meant how often do u get your first choice?Have you asked the magic conch?I can’t write “what are my chances” bc Reddit thinks I’m asking about admission and blocks my question. I just meant how often do u get your first choice?Lacrosse Team Walk OnPrefrosh here wondering if anyone can share about when and how lacrosse team tryouts are run for walk-ons? I know it’s a total long shot, but I’d like to give it a try.that’s great to hear, thank you so much!My roommate walked on and I know a few other kids who have. People I know who’ve walked on were definitely good in high school but I wouldn’t say super outstanding. Don’t think the bar is nearly as high as being recruited.

I will say it’s a huge time commitment and assuming the recruits are better than you you prob won’t get much playing time. But if you really enjoy it then why not try it out (you also get sick lax merch)that’s great to hear, thank you so much!personal experiences with pre-orientation programs?I'm sure this gets asked every year so sorry in advance!

Was wondering if anyone has advice on what the pre-orientation programs are like that maybe isn't too apparent just by their website descriptions? e.g. any personal experiences/things you've heard that you think would be important to know. Thanks :)you might not get the one you want, you have to fill out an application/ write essays and some people get rejected or waitlisted from the pre-o of their choice so keep an open mind and hope for the best. but the pre-orientations are all different, since it was virtual last year my experience was vastly different than most. but i really enjoyed fyre (since identify with being first-gen) but i heard that fop wasn’t too great since there weren’t any trips. but other people have also enjoyed fup so it’s up to you, choose whichever you identify with more ig (it’s also not that deep!)FIP is great if ur an international student! Met some of my closest friends thereI was literally about to ask this so thank you lol

I'm trying to decide between FYRE, FAP, or FUP, so if anyone can share some more about these programs, I would really appreciate it!What are my chances getting my first-choice pre-orientation program?not a big deal, reallypretty low, other people apply so make sure those essays are well writtenStudent interested in subletting a place this summerHello, I am a student interning in the area this summer and am looking for a place to stay for 8 weeks from June through the end of July. Please reach out to me if you are subletting your place!Take a look on the Harvard Housing facebook group. I know TONS of people trying to sublet their rooms for June-July.Friend (current student) is subletting—PM me and I can send contact info!Hi! I’m subletting my room :) beautiful house with kind roomates and a lot of lightLaw School Housing (North Hall)Hi folks. Any law students here who have stayed in North Hall before? Would love general thoughts, but especially any advice on picking a room with good sunlight... can't tell from the floor plans but I just want lots of windows and light. TIA!Pick a room on the Mass Ave side.What other CS courses should Sophomore concentrators take in addition to Stat 110 + CS 120 or 121Title. What other CS courses would you recommend that Sophomores take in the fall that has a manageable workload?

I know a suggestion might be CS 6\`1, but that seems like it would be too much, especially given the already 10+ hour workload with Stat 110 and one of the 120 courses.

Also, don't really care about GPA (anymore), just want to possibly take an additional course that will be interesting, help me learn, or improve my skills. 

For reference, I've already satisfied the linear alg and discrete math req in freshmen year, and taken 50, 51, and 20. Bruh, using my own words against me :)).

I meant in the context of them being a senior, they should enjoy the rest of senior year (and high school) before worrying about taking classes in college. 

We're already in college, sadly :///In the words of some other redditor: “It's May. You're thinking of classes a little too soon.”Only recommendations are:

- don't take too many at the same time unless you have to (which you don't if you already took 50 51 and 20 freshman year)
- always have a pset group, never try to solo carry yourself

If you wan't an extra course just find a gem IMHOHow about CS107?<361 + 120 + 110 = no life <3

Do yourself a favor bc in the end progressing through requirements expediently will it stress you out and not even help with recruiting. Take two reasonable STEM classes then gem the others or take something you like bc you want to be doing things outside of schoolIf you're looking for a chill one, you can join me in 6.036 next fall! :)How about CS171? Is it mangeable having taken CS51 and 50, and will I learn anything?105 is chill. 182 should be chill.How do you want to apply your skills after you graduate? Any interest in public health (epidemiology might be a nice stats compliment) or national security? Economics always helpful for that glitzy NYC future.Bruh, using my own words against me :)).

I meant in the context of them being a senior, they should enjoy the rest of senior year (and high school) before worrying about taking classes in college. 

We're already in college, sadly :///How about CS107?<3Where can I find reviews of classes, professors, freshman seminars and expos?Thank you!!it’s on qreport! you can either browse courses through myharvard and use provided links to access the qreport for a certain course or search from https://qreports.fas.harvard.edu/browse/index

There’s also a student made website that makes it easier to browse and filter qreports:
https://qguideplus.herokuapp.com/query[deleted]>no hate tho u seem based

Lol. What is this supposed to mean?it means you should unironically start touching some grassIt's May. You're thinking of classes a little too soon.Thank you!!>no hate tho u seem based

Lol. What is this supposed to mean?it means you should unironically start touching some grass[deleted]it means you should unironically start touching some grass>no hate tho u seem based

Lol. What is this supposed to mean?it means you should unironically start touching some grassWhich course should sophomore CS concentrators take: CS120 or CS121?I plan on studying CS, and I wouldn't say I am interested in going into theoretical / academic CS. Which class is more practical and prepares you better for CS 124?How's your experience at Columbia?It’s okay. The workload is intense, but always rewarding in the end. People are eh — I think many of us are usually too busy or stressed to make any meaningful connections.I'm a CS Columbia kid also scrolling through this sub. I completely agree with this assessment of CU culture and the CU academic experience. Drowning in work and few friend connections -- yep. 

Also, an intro algorithms class will defs helps with data structures!!!Came here from the Columbia subreddit. Looks like you guys chat about the same shit we do.

Oh, and take the introductory algorithms class (CS 120). That will better prepare you for a course in data structures.I've taken CS20, but haven't really had much proof experience outside of that.Take a low-level course in the math department that covers proofs, or take an upper level discrete math course. If you’re really brave, take a course in real analysis - it will put hair on your chest.I mean CS20 covers proofs and is a discrete math course. How would a math department course benefit me? And anyway, I'm definitely taking 120 or 121 next semester, just seeing if 121 is worth it.I felt unprepared for 121 with CS20. The people who do well in the course have taken 25,55,etc.If I practice math over the summer, after having CS20 as some foundation, do you think that will help?Yes, I definitely think that would help.121 is horribly taught. What’s your math background?Based on the course descriptions, 120 fits preparation for 124 more.Just FYI, Boaz is going to be teaching 121 for the foreseeable future. I believe Adam and Madhu co taught it last semester bc Boaz was on sabbatical although I might be wrong. Haven’t had a class with Boaz tho so idk how good of a lecturer he isI just took CS124 with Adam. He is the best. He is as good as you can hope for an instructor for an algorithm class. (I dont know about CS121 so no comment on that)I thought Boaz was really good but I know other people disagree.You probably aren't going to find someone who took both, so I will just give some thoughts having taken 121. I wouldn't worry too much about which one prepares you better. I would see who is teaching it. Adam frequently co teaches 121 and imo is the worst lecturer in the CS department. I'm not sure who teaches 120, but I might chose 120 just to make lectures tolerable. I would imagine that if you took either you should be relatively prepared to take 124. However, 121 is the tried and true way to prepare for 124, while 120 is still unknown. I do wish 120 was available when I took 121, as I would have chosen 120.the 120 prof was an advisor for me a while back and is the sweetest person ever, super supportive and approachable!It’s okay. The workload is intense, but always rewarding in the end. People are eh — I think many of us are usually too busy or stressed to make any meaningful connections.I'm a CS Columbia kid also scrolling through this sub. I completely agree with this assessment of CU culture and the CU academic experience. Drowning in work and few friend connections -- yep. 

Also, an intro algorithms class will defs helps with data structures!!!How's your experience at Columbia?Take a low-level course in the math department that covers proofs, or take an upper level discrete math course. If you’re really brave, take a course in real analysis - it will put hair on your chest.I mean CS20 covers proofs and is a discrete math course. How would a math department course benefit me? And anyway, I'm definitely taking 120 or 121 next semester, just seeing if 121 is worth it.I felt unprepared for 121 with CS20. The people who do well in the course have taken 25,55,etc.If I practice math over the summer, after having CS20 as some foundation, do you think that will help?Yes, I definitely think that would help.I've taken CS20, but haven't really had much proof experience outside of that.I thought Boaz was really good but I know other people disagree.Just FYI, Boaz is going to be teaching 121 for the foreseeable future. I believe Adam and Madhu co taught it last semester bc Boaz was on sabbatical although I might be wrong. Haven’t had a class with Boaz tho so idk how good of a lecturer he isI just took CS124 with Adam. He is the best. He is as good as you can hope for an instructor for an algorithm class. (I dont know about CS121 so no comment on that)I'm a CS Columbia kid also scrolling through this sub. I completely agree with this assessment of CU culture and the CU academic experience. Drowning in work and few friend connections -- yep. 

Also, an intro algorithms class will defs helps with data structures!!!It’s okay. The workload is intense, but always rewarding in the end. People are eh — I think many of us are usually too busy or stressed to make any meaningful connections.I mean CS20 covers proofs and is a discrete math course. How would a math department course benefit me? And anyway, I'm definitely taking 120 or 121 next semester, just seeing if 121 is worth it.I felt unprepared for 121 with CS20. The people who do well in the course have taken 25,55,etc.If I practice math over the summer, after having CS20 as some foundation, do you think that will help?Yes, I definitely think that would help.Take a low-level course in the math department that covers proofs, or take an upper level discrete math course. If you’re really brave, take a course in real analysis - it will put hair on your chest.I thought Boaz was really good but I know other people disagree.I'm a CS Columbia kid also scrolling through this sub. I completely agree with this assessment of CU culture and the CU academic experience. Drowning in work and few friend connections -- yep. 

Also, an intro algorithms class will defs helps with data structures!!!I felt unprepared for 121 with CS20. The people who do well in the course have taken 25,55,etc.If I practice math over the summer, after having CS20 as some foundation, do you think that will help?Yes, I definitely think that would help.I mean CS20 covers proofs and is a discrete math course. How would a math department course benefit me? And anyway, I'm definitely taking 120 or 121 next semester, just seeing if 121 is worth it.If I practice math over the summer, after having CS20 as some foundation, do you think that will help?Yes, I definitely think that would help.I felt unprepared for 121 with CS20. The people who do well in the course have taken 25,55,etc.Yes, I definitely think that would help.If I practice math over the summer, after having CS20 as some foundation, do you think that will help?Yes, I definitely think that would help.Bit of a long shot but worth a shot - Could somebody take a photo of the SEC Building?Hi!

I'm a PhD candidate from Europe currently concluding my research in the context of Facade Engineering. I would love to include a photo of the SEC building as it's quite a beautiful example of performance-driven facade shading ([https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbehnisch.com%2Fwork%2Fprojects%2F0274&psig=AOvVaw3aK3VdJ3LntDz3GtmWAd4X&ust=1652033664377000&source=images&cd=vfe&ved=0CAwQjRxqFwoTCNDzmJL\_zfcCFQAAAAAdAAAAABAD](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbehnisch.com%2Fwork%2Fprojects%2F0274&psig=AOvVaw3aK3VdJ3LntDz3GtmWAd4X&ust=1652033664377000&source=images&cd=vfe&ved=0CAwQjRxqFwoTCNDzmJL_zfcCFQAAAAAdAAAAABAD) < for context)

Unfortunately all the images I could find are under copyright.. Would any kind soul be able to take a photo of the Facade (I'm mostly interested in the sheet metal material, as this is what my focus is on). Of course, I'll give full credits to you! (Proper name though... too scared of what reddit user names could pop up :D )no problem, thank you so much for the offer anyway!Uhhh…. It’s kind of cloudy today. The light’s not great. I can pop over there if no one else does, though, just let me know. I’ve been procrastinating on going to Allston for a few things anyway.OH wow! Thanks so much, wasn't expecting responses to be honest :D

Reddit is awesomethanks!hi! sorry to be a pain :) but perhaps could you share them ?>thanks!

You're welcome!You should have gotten them. Here they are though:
https://i.imgur.com/zPcujhM.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/tn3NE6X.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/NoLgMZq.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/7RHKGYY.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/iqCELFs.jpgah thanks so much! sorry, bit of a reddit noob when it comes to dms. ill dm youI got some. I'll send a pm.thank you! Oh, if you happen to work there a shot from the inside would be amazing![deleted]no problem, thank you so much for the offer anyway!>thanks!

You're welcome!thanks!You should have gotten them. Here they are though:
https://i.imgur.com/zPcujhM.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/tn3NE6X.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/NoLgMZq.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/7RHKGYY.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/iqCELFs.jpgah thanks so much! sorry, bit of a reddit noob when it comes to dms. ill dm youhi! sorry to be a pain :) but perhaps could you share them ?thank you! Oh, if you happen to work there a shot from the inside would be amazing!>thanks!

You're welcome!ah thanks so much! sorry, bit of a reddit noob when it comes to dms. ill dm youYou should have gotten them. Here they are though:
https://i.imgur.com/zPcujhM.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/tn3NE6X.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/NoLgMZq.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/7RHKGYY.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/iqCELFs.jpgah thanks so much! sorry, bit of a reddit noob when it comes to dms. ill dm yourecommended expos coursesIncoming prefrosh here. I’ve heard that some expos classes can be loads of work have really harsh grading and are really hard to manage while others involve watching movies as assignments. Are there any recs as to which expos classes are the most interesting/fun with a reasonable amount of workload?I was in the con artists Expos class, and we were assigned two movies: “The Talented Mr. Ripley” and “Hustlers”Oooo good movies!Take the expos with the subject matter that appeals to you. You’ll be reading a lot of material and if it’s not something you’re inherently interested in, it’s going to be a slog. 

The watching movies bit might be freshman seminars. I had one of those and it was great.  But haven’t heard of any expos where you just watch films. 

You can also look at Q guides.Politics of Nostalgia! Dr. Pietras is a great teacher. Our class was structured like this 
1st assignment - Short paper based on a 6/7 page reading 
2nd assignment - longer paper based on the movie Carol (2014) or the first two episodes of Mad Men (2008) 
3rd assignment - 10pg paper on any subject relating to nostalgia. I chose a film and had to support my arguments using primary and secondary sources. 

I cannot recommend this class enough!!I took one on criminality and it had 2-3 movies assigned. 

I thought the workload was pretty reasonable, at least compared to other "paper classes" in the English, etc., departments.femme fatale, Mars, remembering the civil war, I think most of the sections my firstyear had movies as assignments

 Like I was in femme fatale and we just watched Election and Ten Things I hate about You and compared themI heard it was a bad Expos, though, at least a couple years ago>others involve watching movies as assignments.

I'm unaware of any sections like that.

>Are there any recs as to which expos classes are the most interesting/fun with a reasonable amount of workload?

Bottom line, expos will suck. 

Pick the topic that interests you the most. Crosscheck with instructor reviews. Hopefully the good topic will also have a good instructor.Don’t make the mistake of assuming a class with film sources will be easier than selected readings. Simply put, there’s never going to be an EXPOS class that doesn’t stress-test your limits. And that is okay! It’s the purpose. So, dig as much as you can to find your best fit. First, narrow down the topics you are interested in (each section is different). Then, cross-check those courses to find one lead by a fantastic instructor. I don’t believe the difficulty of EXPOS is in the grading… the instructors spend plenty of time with everyone and there are many opportunities to receive great feedback and polish your papers. It’s hardest to undo bad habits and refine attention to detail all while learning to make the best insightful connections.  Pick a topic that excites you, buckle up, and remind yourself it’s only one semester. You’ll be just fine!Are Prison's Obsolete?Oooo good movies!I was in the con artists Expos class, and we were assigned two movies: “The Talented Mr. Ripley” and “Hustlers”I took one on criminality and it had 2-3 movies assigned. 

I thought the workload was pretty reasonable, at least compared to other "paper classes" in the English, etc., departments.I heard it was a bad Expos, though, at least a couple years agofemme fatale, Mars, remembering the civil war, I think most of the sections my firstyear had movies as assignments

 Like I was in femme fatale and we just watched Election and Ten Things I hate about You and compared themOooo good movies!I heard it was a bad Expos, though, at least a couple years agoBenefits of a language citation?Other than having it noted. I mean, you are either fluent or not which should be apparent when conversing.Thanks!>Benefits of a language citation?

Personal satisfaction. That's it.

>you are either fluent or not which should be apparent when conversing.

And a language citation merely shows that you took 4 courses beyond intro. That is not proof of proficiency.Thanks!roommateshi im someone who is shy but looks forward to meeting new people. sometimes i value my alone time especially after a long day and worry that i wont get that if i dorm with a lot of people, should i my suite mate number reference to 1-2 or 3-4??Some quality DNA, a healthy ovum, and a willing uterus really are all you need.with potionsLol making new peoplethank you!I put that I wanted 4-5 roommates, and ended up with one. I’m not saying what you put doesn’t matter, but don’t stress it too much. They put in way more effort to matching freshies than any other school I’ve ever heard of.If you have any roommates the odds of you having a private room are zero, at least from my experience.make sure you emphasize the alone time in the long response! the number of roommates you input isn’t near binding, but they usually try to match preferences (i asked for 3, got 1, but it worked well)You won’t get much alone time with roommates. If you really value alone time, I would opt for a single and meet new people elsewhere.Def 1-2with potionsthank you!What did you put on the housing survey?incoming freshman and kinda freaking out tbh. what did u all put on there, I wanna be sure I don’t forget anything important 😭😭LMFAOOAOAOOAOAO[deleted]I honestly have no idea. I think I put one sentence in the essay.Just answer honestly. There’s nothing to forget. Just go through the questions. No way to work the system here, just trying to match you up with others who have the same habits and preferences.lyrics to baby sharki was as honest as possible - how quiet i need it to sleep, how i'm messy, how i can't stand loud noises, etc.LMFAOOAOAOOAOAOAdvice for Filling out Housing SurveyHello! I’m an incoming freshman and I’m currently filling out my housing survey. It definitely seems a little overwhelming, so I was wondering if anyone had any advice on filling it out. I know that each person has their own preferences, but does anyone have anything they wish they put differently in hindsight? Thank you!!Hi! For sociability  what happens if you rate low? I like being with people but I like having my own space to rechargeI actually recommend putting that you want many roommates since chances are better you will get along with at least one of them! Also all the Grays suites are for either 4 or 5 :) Definitely rate your sociability and cleanliness higher than it actually is.Try to get a single room by saying u love walking around in u dorm and sleep naked![deleted]I put this, but I got housed with two straight (lovely, non-homophobic, but deeply straight) boys.I don’t think much else would, but it’s a way to get a certain type of roommate if you want onefirst - the deans are hand matching these. They read applications and deliberately put them together, not an algorithm. Keep this in mind as you fill it out. 
Second - If you enjoying going out at all, enjoy having even a couple people over, or anything social of the sort, I recommend putting ur sociability/hosting people score high. Getting stuck with someone who doesn’t allow anyone over (cuz we both put sociability as medium or something) SUCKS!
Third - if you have any particular living quirks, like room temperature, scents, or anything, PUT IT ON THERE. what seems reasonable to you can seem crazy to others. 
Fourth - if you note that you don’t want to have a roommate who’s homophobic, you will almost guaranteed get housed with LGBT people (a handful of my friends did this) 

Best of luck! I hope you have a good roommate in the fall.100% agree. I maxed out the sociability and cleanliness thing and the majority of my roommates almost never leave the common room, and half shower maybe once a week. Only way to guarantee a peace of mind is to have less roommates unfortunatelyI don’t know why the form is so detailed and the “matchups” were anything but. People can be really gross. The things I’ve seen. I truly envied those singles in Canaday….Do not underestimate the need to recharge. There’s going to be a lot going on first year. Your dorm needs
to be a place of peace. I listed the most roommates and put a 5 for cleanliness. Lived in squalor with 3 other people, who also put 5s. But I was the only true 5. 

I’m sociable and wanted to meet people and roommates felt like free friends, and sometimes they are, but mine tuned out to be just people who I lived with that were really unsanitary and sometimes annoying. 

You’ll have a lot of opportunities to meet people and make friends, even in a single. Just depends on how risk averse you with the roommate lottery. 

I would answer honestly based on what you want and your habits.oh nice thank you! i was actually considering putting 5 roommates, so good to know. what would you say the optimal number is?Other than that just be honest about what you want lmao0 lmao. But realistically anything in Grays (suites of 4 or 5) or Matthews (suites of 2)Hey, yeah! I'm a freshman rn and I definitely wish I hadn't put that I wanted 5 roommates. The problem with so many roommates is that if even one refuses to clean up after themselves, the rest of the room also finds it okay to leave trash out / be unsanitary. Also the vast majority of people I know arent close with their freshman year roommates anywayHi! How can you answer the form to have as few roommates as possible 🤔 I like the:)Some people aren’t built for living with 4-5 people but I will say if that’s something you’re not opposed to, the odds of getting along with at least a couple are higher and grays and weld are typically the dorms with 5-6 man suites and they’re really nice relative to other ones. I was in weld and had a good timeWho the hell wants ApleyI got Greenough mentioning those.Idk, it seemed pretty cool, like Claverly for fershmensJust say you want Apley or Grays, and that you’ll cry if you don’t get in.  

Sure fire way to get Greenough.they emailed it out a couple days ago!Where can you find the survey??Hi! For sociability  what happens if you rate low? I like being with people but I like having my own space to rechargeI put this, but I got housed with two straight (lovely, non-homophobic, but deeply straight) boys.I don’t think much else would, but it’s a way to get a certain type of roommate if you want one[deleted]I don’t know why the form is so detailed and the “matchups” were anything but. People can be really gross. The things I’ve seen. I truly envied those singles in Canaday….100% agree. I maxed out the sociability and cleanliness thing and the majority of my roommates almost never leave the common room, and half shower maybe once a week. Only way to guarantee a peace of mind is to have less roommates unfortunately0 lmao. But realistically anything in Grays (suites of 4 or 5) or Matthews (suites of 2)oh nice thank you! i was actually considering putting 5 roommates, so good to know. what would you say the optimal number is?Other than that just be honest about what you want lmaoHi! How can you answer the form to have as few roommates as possible 🤔 I like the:)Idk, it seemed pretty cool, like Claverly for fershmensWho the hell wants ApleyI got Greenough mentioning those.they emailed it out a couple days ago!I put this, but I got housed with two straight (lovely, non-homophobic, but deeply straight) boys.I don’t think much else would, but it’s a way to get a certain type of roommate if you want oneI don’t know why the form is so detailed and the “matchups” were anything but. People can be really gross. The things I’ve seen. I truly envied those singles in Canaday….0 lmao. But realistically anything in Grays (suites of 4 or 5) or Matthews (suites of 2)Idk, it seemed pretty cool, like Claverly for fershmensWhich of the buildings at Harvard will not be the target of denaming?The denaming email says the following is grounds for denaming:

>the perception that a namesake’s actions or beliefs were ‘abhorrent’ in the context of current values

What I think we are going to find is that virtually all White men of WASP heritage, for whom I'd assume most buildings at Harvard are named, were one or more of the following: racist, misogynist, anti-semitic, homophobic, ableist, classist, and anti-atheist. I seem to doubt that the views of, say Henry Dunster (President of Harvard from 1640-1654) would be tolerable in the areas of racial justice or women's rights.

I feel like this is going to turn into a circus. And nobody at Harvard actually believes that the ideals of Increase Mather are inculcated at Mather Steins. You would think and yet they put up giant buildings without a name, “Northwest Building.”It’s “North West Building”. Kanye donated and named it after his daughter.Only because they haven't found someone who will pay up high enough.

You can only sell naming rights once*, so you want to wait until you hit your minimum.

(*=barring rescinding such naming later...)> I feel like this is going to turn into a circus.

You mean fundraising opportunity.

Every building that has a name stripped is a new opportunity to ~~sell naming rights~~ honor those who have donated generously to ~~Harvard~~ advancing humankind.# I propose on the safe side, let's change Harvard University to University of Cambridge!We may as well, everyone needs a laugh these days.If any house needs to be re-named, former president Leonard Hoar still is waiting for this honor.Or Lord, this will really wake people upjames mickens is that u????All buildings, offensive or not, should be named with a title of a Black Sabbath song, preceded or followed by some variant of "building":

- Lord of This World Pavillion
- Center for Iron Man
- Paranoid House
- Hand of Doom Theater
- After Forever Hall
- Sleeping Village Village
- Snowblind School of Applied SciencesProbably the Barker Center. I’m told it is named for a dog.Lol I'm sure a White guy born in 1607 is gonna have nothing "abhorrent" on his record...this university was literary founded as an attempt to "civilize" the native population. People like Winthrop contributed to the first English genocides of native Americans in North America. There is only so much you can do to reconcile with that.I'm not saying you're wrong, but I do believe projecting our morals to the past doesn't accomplish much and keeps us from looking at ourselves. e.g., our grandkids will probably want us burned because we allowed the uyghur genocide to continue and knew full well children were digging in cobalt mines so we could have our new iPhones.But John Harvard is cool, right?> Eugenics is not j being a little problematic

Margaret Sanger founded Planned Parenthood.… have you ever heard of Agassiz or what he did? Eugenics is not j being a little problematic. That’s what I’d assume they’re talking aboutHarvard is woke!What an exhausting and useless effort to apply today’s zeitgeist to past eras.>The fun part will be in 100 years when people today are judged by some future evolution of our social mores... and it's determined we ought to rename everything again.

Try 30 years. Many jokes that were fine in the 80s are intolerable now.

>And I fully anticipate an upcoming controversy involving the Kennedy family when it comes to renaming, lmao.

This whole thing will depend on what "abhorrent" means to people. But for an *infinitum ad absurdum,* we should just go east to west, north to south across the yard, and rename every building Y-n. Robinson will be building Y1 and Lehman will be Y27.

I don't mean to erase the lived experiences of those whose identity groups were harmed by the actions of these dudes, but as someone with heritage from groups that would have been barred from Harvard or seen as inferior on both sides of my family, the University would better spend its time and energies addressing the harm that various forms of discrimination continue to cause around Boston, the US, and the world. Every minute we spend arguing over how racist or sexist Annenberg was is a minute not spend addressing one of the many forms of discrimination that blights our society. Renaming a House will not improve life for anyone who is not affiliated with Harvard. The wrongly incarcerated in Arkansas don't care if we rename Dunster in Cambridge.

Women's rights or renaming Mather House, what's it gonna be? This University is all wacky and it seems everything is wrong all the time around here.[deleted]>renaming seems like an easy "middle-ground" distraction.... an appearance of change without any actual change

Wait till you find out that the same people who are warning of an end to privacy and rights for the marginalized believe denaming is the way to go.[deleted]Oh man I saw this and was so confused because I hadn’t seen anything besides the email about the big report lately. Had to go all the way back to December for context. 😅

I honestly wouldn’t be surprised if Agassiz gets axed, but Farlow nearby is probably safe. I don’t know though- I think that this might be a futile effort as a lot of others have said.Is the name “Harvard” safe? Asking for a friend.Emerson?They won’t be changing Sackler, I’ll bet, though they absolutely shouldI thought Harvard of all places would be immune to this kind of horseshit but I guess not.

RIP.I’ve always been surprised that people are so attached to building names. If the names change to reflect the current society’s ideals, then they change. Perhaps it’ll make Harvard more careful about who they chose to name buildings after in the future. I don’t think that’s a bad thing.100 years, 30 years? Try today, tomorrow, next week.. Society is in a constant battle to establish who we collectively pay tribute to. As culture changes we toss out the old gods for those that are more reflective of the current moment. It is most jarring to people who are insulated from or are resisting the cultural shift. It’s reasonable to feel upset by change, but unrealistic to expect that the idols who mattered centuries ago are still relevant today and will remain relevant in perpetuity. If enough people don’t find meaning in Increase Mather…he just doesn’t matter anymore. I have no idea who my ancestors named the communal hut after in the year 800, but I’m ok that at some point that honorarium was discontinued for a new historical figurehead.Honestly naming all buildings after numbers like MIT (so that you could, for instance, make it easier to find buildings by having consistent numbering scheme) would sidestep a lot of issues, other than being just bland.It’s “North West Building”. Kanye donated and named it after his daughter.Only because they haven't found someone who will pay up high enough.

You can only sell naming rights once*, so you want to wait until you hit your minimum.

(*=barring rescinding such naming later...)You would think and yet they put up giant buildings without a name, “Northwest Building.”We may as well, everyone needs a laugh these days.Or Lord, this will really wake people upjames mickens is that u????this university was literary founded as an attempt to "civilize" the native population. People like Winthrop contributed to the first English genocides of native Americans in North America. There is only so much you can do to reconcile with that.I'm not saying you're wrong, but I do believe projecting our morals to the past doesn't accomplish much and keeps us from looking at ourselves. e.g., our grandkids will probably want us burned because we allowed the uyghur genocide to continue and knew full well children were digging in cobalt mines so we could have our new iPhones.Lol I'm sure a White guy born in 1607 is gonna have nothing "abhorrent" on his record...> Eugenics is not j being a little problematic

Margaret Sanger founded Planned Parenthood.Harvard is woke![deleted]>renaming seems like an easy "middle-ground" distraction.... an appearance of change without any actual change

Wait till you find out that the same people who are warning of an end to privacy and rights for the marginalized believe denaming is the way to go.>The fun part will be in 100 years when people today are judged by some future evolution of our social mores... and it's determined we ought to rename everything again.

Try 30 years. Many jokes that were fine in the 80s are intolerable now.

>And I fully anticipate an upcoming controversy involving the Kennedy family when it comes to renaming, lmao.

This whole thing will depend on what "abhorrent" means to people. But for an *infinitum ad absurdum,* we should just go east to west, north to south across the yard, and rename every building Y-n. Robinson will be building Y1 and Lehman will be Y27.

I don't mean to erase the lived experiences of those whose identity groups were harmed by the actions of these dudes, but as someone with heritage from groups that would have been barred from Harvard or seen as inferior on both sides of my family, the University would better spend its time and energies addressing the harm that various forms of discrimination continue to cause around Boston, the US, and the world. Every minute we spend arguing over how racist or sexist Annenberg was is a minute not spend addressing one of the many forms of discrimination that blights our society. Renaming a House will not improve life for anyone who is not affiliated with Harvard. The wrongly incarcerated in Arkansas don't care if we rename Dunster in Cambridge.

Women's rights or renaming Mather House, what's it gonna be? This University is all wacky and it seems everything is wrong all the time around here.It’s “North West Building”. Kanye donated and named it after his daughter.Only because they haven't found someone who will pay up high enough.

You can only sell naming rights once*, so you want to wait until you hit your minimum.

(*=barring rescinding such naming later...)I'm not saying you're wrong, but I do believe projecting our morals to the past doesn't accomplish much and keeps us from looking at ourselves. e.g., our grandkids will probably want us burned because we allowed the uyghur genocide to continue and knew full well children were digging in cobalt mines so we could have our new iPhones.this university was literary founded as an attempt to "civilize" the native population. People like Winthrop contributed to the first English genocides of native Americans in North America. There is only so much you can do to reconcile with that.>renaming seems like an easy "middle-ground" distraction.... an appearance of change without any actual change

Wait till you find out that the same people who are warning of an end to privacy and rights for the marginalized believe denaming is the way to go.[deleted]I'm not saying you're wrong, but I do believe projecting our morals to the past doesn't accomplish much and keeps us from looking at ourselves. e.g., our grandkids will probably want us burned because we allowed the uyghur genocide to continue and knew full well children were digging in cobalt mines so we could have our new iPhones.>renaming seems like an easy "middle-ground" distraction.... an appearance of change without any actual change

Wait till you find out that the same people who are warning of an end to privacy and rights for the marginalized believe denaming is the way to go.Best FOP Trip TripsHi guys, I'm an incoming freshman who is thinking about doing a FOP trip. The problem is that I don't really know whether to do a backpacking or switch trip. It seems that a switch trip would be slightly easier (physically speaking) since canoeing is probably easier than hiking with a heavy backpack and you do that for half of the time. However, I'm sure there are downsides to canoeing for part (i.e. getting wet, lack of shade, etc.) To anyone who did one of these types, what was your experience? And which would you recommend? 

Also I have a separate, slightly unrelated question still about FOP. What is the hygiene situation like? In other words, what does going to the bathroom look like on a backpacking trip. Peeing on a tree is one thing but the trip is like a week long so eventually... 

Also, what is the bathing situation like? showers? rivers with soap? rivers *without* soap? Not deal breakers, but I would rather be prepared so that I'm not blind sighted. Thanks!is the bathroom situation non existent for the cabin based FOP as well?So that you are not “blind sighted,” assume the bathroom situation to be non-existent.I would not find either to be easier than the other. Canoeing can be very physically taxing on the upper body if you're not used to it. Instead focus on your personal preferences. If you like canoeing and feel comfortable doing it, then definitely go. There's others who might not feel comfortable or just prefer to walk to the whole trip. Both are a greag introduction to the outdoors and the club here at Harvard and you'll definitely get a chance to repeat it if you want. Otherwise, expect something very close to primitive camping. Not sure if rivers are allowed to be used for bathing though.They have various options for the difficulty of the trips (A, B, or C) that you can choose from, but I don’t think the switch trip is any easier than a backpacking trip. Backpacking was difficult, but you got used to it (and the packs lightened) over time. There is no bathroom, basically, but it was surprisingly fine. There’s a trowel and a single roll of TP for the whole group, usually. There’s no bathing so you get very stinky by the end, but you also get used to your and everyone else’s stink!is the bathroom situation non existent for the cabin based FOP as well?Rock music club/bandsHi! I'm an incoming international grad student in the fall. I wonder if Harvard has music clubs that play rock (something like classic rock).

Does anyone have experience with finding friends at Harvard to form a band? This was a dream that never came true at my undergrad institute, lol.

Thanks :)The music clubs tend towards orchestral/symphonic/glee/choral/TAPS. Hope you find the jelly for your jam, but you might have to be self-organizing and create what you want to see in the world.Rock is dead manquestions about gender inclusive housingwhat kind of people are usually in gender inclusive housing? as a queer (but cis) incoming freshman i'm considering opting in to gender inclusive housing, but i'm concerned that in doing so i'll surround myself only with queer people and not step out of my comfort zone. are most of the people in gender inclusive housing queer?this doesn't really answer your question about who lives in gender inclusive housing, but: your housing community will be only one of many communities you'll join when you start school, so you'll have other opportunities to engage with other people.  the dorm is also the place you'll come back to after long days, so perhaps its best to just choose where you think you'll feel most comfortable, and then let classes, clubs, etc. be the place to go further afield. 

and anyway, even if most people in inclusive housing *are* queer, there'll be other ways they'll likely take you out of your comfort zone--such is dorm living!From 2018 fall freshman, it was seen as a preference and not a commitment. I picked it and was definitely not placed in a gender inclusive dorm situation. Others had better experiences. From what I remember in the GroupMe, it was mainly queer folk and those comfortable with gender neutral dorms. Honest advice, your dorm NEEDS to be a comfort zone. My experience was a leap outside my comfort zone in the worst ways, being a token minority forced to continually educate or escalate and try to find another room is one of the worst experiences to have here. I actually regret not demanding my preferences be met more.

Personal experience, my roommate would stay with their friends when my queer friends came over. There is too much that's not discussed here enough.Why is living with people who make you uncomfortable a good thing?

I remember a rooming group that included a physics nerd and some football jocks. It did not end well.Class of 2026: applying to SPARK!Calling all incoming Harvard College first-years!  SPARK is an immersive, paid,  six-week public service program for incoming first-year students that deepens community connections between home and Harvard!  Students develop a public service project at home while receiving funding and ongoing support from Harvard staff, faculty, and student leaders.  Learn more at https://bit.ly/HarvardSPARK and join hundreds of Harvard students who have sparked social change and service in their hometowns before arriving at Harvard. SPARK program applications are due June 1, 2022. Make friends, learn in community, and SPARK change.  Every Thursday, 4-5PM until June 1, SPARK Program staff and SPARK alumni hold office hours to get to know you, answer SPARK questions, and provide support for SPARK applicants.'26 asking about AP scoresI know that Harvard doesnt give AP credit for any exams but I heard from someone that they still ask for your scores when released. Can anyone confirm this and if they do ask then why??? Would they rescind someone if they failed an AP test??>I heard from someone that they still ask for your scores when released.

They do not.

>Would they rescind someone if they failed an AP test??

No, assuming you are attending a US HS.Same answer as above[deleted]Same answer as aboveEnd of semester thoughts.I don't even care anymore. 

I'm gonna finish this semester, graduate, and then live out the rest of my days herding sheep in a foreign country. 

I'll change my legal name to The Soulless One and write eerie but largely inoffensive manifestos in my run-down shack using pens that I borrow from, but never return to, anyone willing to get within asking distance.

I'm gonna create a machine that cleans my legs for me in the shower, and then never release it to the public out of spite. 

I will train an army of sleeper agent crows to mock my enemies from above, at absolutely no benefit to myself. They will lie in wait until I give the command.Very cool, Jumbo Jerry.Thank you, Rabbitary.absolutely based. I'm actually planning on doing something similar—specifically moving to the Philippines, buying a hog farm, and changing my title to Pork Daddy :\^)This is what a Harvard education is for 😤Harvard grad wants to live in a remote shack, spurning modernity and technology, while writing manifestos. So you're from Eliot House?I haven’t the slightest idea of how to interpret this, could you elaborate?No problem. I've been further even more decided to use even go need to do look more as anyone can. Can you really be far even as decided half as much to use go wish for that? My guess is that when one really been far even as decided once to use even go want, it is then that he has really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like. It's just common sense.Most eloquent Kennedy school studentYou ever think of giving a TEDx Presentation? I think the world could benefit from your insightful approach to life.what are you saying#LifeGoalsBut have you really been far even as decided, to use even go want to do look more like?Because of the showers in Harvard. People want there private showers to clean their legs from touching the dirty shower floor with their slippersWhy would you need to clean your legs?I have vague memories of grass, halcyon days before everything was lit by florescents and ticks weren't omnipresent. Sunlight feels expensive.When ppl tell you to go touch grassWhat did they do to you in there😳One time, I went to a physics conference and I told the person next to me, "If I don't make it here, I'm moving somewhere tropical and becoming a snorkeling guide." Then, the next time I went on a tropical snorkeling trip, I spoke to the tour guide. He earned a PhD in some kind of marine biology thing, and now spends his days ripping off tourists, getting tanned, and counting starfish for a nearby research lab. We should all strive to be like starfish-counter PhD guy.What is Harvard like?  I went to a small public liberal arts college in the PNW.  I always wandered what it would be like to do the complete oppositeThank you, Rabbitary.Very cool, Jumbo Jerry.No problem. I've been further even more decided to use even go need to do look more as anyone can. Can you really be far even as decided half as much to use go wish for that? My guess is that when one really been far even as decided once to use even go want, it is then that he has really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like. It's just common sense.Most eloquent Kennedy school studentYou ever think of giving a TEDx Presentation? I think the world could benefit from your insightful approach to life.what are you saying#LifeGoalsI haven’t the slightest idea of how to interpret this, could you elaborate?Because of the showers in Harvard. People want there private showers to clean their legs from touching the dirty shower floor with their slippersI have vague memories of grass, halcyon days before everything was lit by florescents and ticks weren't omnipresent. Sunlight feels expensive.Thank you, Rabbitary.Most eloquent Kennedy school studentYou ever think of giving a TEDx Presentation? I think the world could benefit from your insightful approach to life.what are you saying#LifeGoalsNo problem. I've been further even more decided to use even go need to do look more as anyone can. Can you really be far even as decided half as much to use go wish for that? My guess is that when one really been far even as decided once to use even go want, it is then that he has really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like. It's just common sense.Most eloquent Kennedy school studentYou ever think of giving a TEDx Presentation? I think the world could benefit from your insightful approach to life.what are you saying#LifeGoalsPre-Orientation ApplicationHi, I'm an incoming freshman and was wondering how applications to FOP and FAP work? The website says no experience in outdoor activities/arts needed, but then what would be the criteria of how students are selected? What does the app generally look like? (essays, recs, etc.?)

Thank you!I remember being rejected from FOP. I have not heard about any changes to the program size or admission process.There's size constraints honestly, I'd be willing to bet it was just full rather than you didn't make the cut. Others are open for as many as possible thoughI didn't make the cut, and there was a cut because it was full.

If they made space for everyone who wanted to apply, this wouldn't be an issue. Other colleges don't have this problem.Ah, I had meant cut as in rejected cause they didn't like your app, but that make sense. Honestly I criticize this place as much as anyone else but these programs are dependent on student leaders and it's hard to fit hundreds of prefrosh into them. I'd be surprised if other colleges don't have the same issues.I don't remember ever having to literally apply, it's just an application of intent. You go to whichever program you want.There's size constraints honestly, I'd be willing to bet it was just full rather than you didn't make the cut. Others are open for as many as possible thoughI didn't make the cut, and there was a cut because it was full.

If they made space for everyone who wanted to apply, this wouldn't be an issue. Other colleges don't have this problem.Ah, I had meant cut as in rejected cause they didn't like your app, but that make sense. Honestly I criticize this place as much as anyone else but these programs are dependent on student leaders and it's hard to fit hundreds of prefrosh into them. I'd be surprised if other colleges don't have the same issues.I remember being rejected from FOP. I have not heard about any changes to the program size or admission process.I didn't make the cut, and there was a cut because it was full.

If they made space for everyone who wanted to apply, this wouldn't be an issue. Other colleges don't have this problem.Ah, I had meant cut as in rejected cause they didn't like your app, but that make sense. Honestly I criticize this place as much as anyone else but these programs are dependent on student leaders and it's hard to fit hundreds of prefrosh into them. I'd be surprised if other colleges don't have the same issues.There's size constraints honestly, I'd be willing to bet it was just full rather than you didn't make the cut. Others are open for as many as possible thoughAh, I had meant cut as in rejected cause they didn't like your app, but that make sense. Honestly I criticize this place as much as anyone else but these programs are dependent on student leaders and it's hard to fit hundreds of prefrosh into them. I'd be surprised if other colleges don't have the same issues.I didn't make the cut, and there was a cut because it was full.

If they made space for everyone who wanted to apply, this wouldn't be an issue. Other colleges don't have this problem.Ah, I had meant cut as in rejected cause they didn't like your app, but that make sense. Honestly I criticize this place as much as anyone else but these programs are dependent on student leaders and it's hard to fit hundreds of prefrosh into them. I'd be surprised if other colleges don't have the same issues.Has there been any updates on email addresses for Alumni?[https://www.thecrimson.com/article/2021/6/12/alumni-email-address/](https://www.thecrimson.com/article/2021/6/12/alumni-email-address/)

The university suspended lifetime alumni email addresses for new graduates, which started last May. As a temporary stop-gap measure, they extended the student email addresses for Harvard college and grad schools for 365 days post-graduation. They also formed a 'task force' to investigate the matter and develop a solution. Now that the 365 days is almost up, there seems to be 0 movement and it looks like the 'taskforce' has completely dropped the ball.

It's a real shame since Harvard is now the only Ivy League school that does not provide a lifetime email address for its alumni. Even Yale provides a full Gmail suite for their alumni for crying out loud.

Anybody hear any updates on this or is the University just trying to sweep this issue under the carpet?I concur, that tone seems to change quite a bit when they start asking for $ from their alumni. Something to consider the next time they are panhandling for donations via phone calls/letters/events.With the way they treat students on leaves when it comes to access, is anyone surprised? Harvard hates giving out access and their partners don't want them to either.did some digging for this as part of my work for HGC, basically, the TLDR from what we found is that any progress will be kind of stalled because they don't have a permenant body at the CIO office which was leading up the task force. seems unlikely in the near future if i had to guessI’m not holding out much hope for this oneWas just about to ask this exact question. I hope they do something.I concur, that tone seems to change quite a bit when they start asking for $ from their alumni. Something to consider the next time they are panhandling for donations via phone calls/letters/events.First-Year ProctorAny first-year proctors here or people familiar with the living arrangements of proctors? I am wondering more about what I should expect with respect to living arrangements. How big is the typical proctor room? Do most have their own bathrooms or are they shared/communal. What dorm has the best living situation for proctors?Sending you a DM!Housing lotteryHi 

I have my housing lottery date for May 23rd. 

Could anyone provide me with advice as to whether I am likely to get a place at Harvard at trilogy or if I should start looking for places externally?

Thank you so much 

BW,

A desperate incoming studentSame here😭😭Lol I got June 2nd 😭The housing staff told me that while other HUH buildings have ~50% turnover in a given year, Trilogy only has about ~30%. I highly recommend you monitor the availability in the days leading up to your window and be ready to select as soon as your window opens. Most folks I know who got lucky had windows within the first 2 weeks but YMMV. Typically, studios and 1 bedrooms are more readily available than 2 bedrooms. Again, if you can join an existing lease, that's a safer bet. Also, if you are at HSPH, see if Shattuck has any availability.I got a similar view and select window and would also appreciate an answer to this question!This is great advice! Any tips on where you might find these people? I don’t see any of these people on the off campus Harvard roommate finder siteFacebook groupsMy understanding is that Trilogy is difficult through the lottery. The easier way in is to find someone who already lives in Trilogy who is trying to replace a roommate.Could you kindly check and see if there are any Soldiers Field Park 2 beds left? Thanks! My view window is next week...Before the select window this morning, there were 19 2 beds at SFP. 

When I was in my view window I was able to download a daily inventory list pdf. I’m not sure, but it might be available on the top right corner of your screen when you’re on the lottery site. (I hadn’t noticed it until my window opened, but it might have always been there). Thanks so much for your help! Now I find the inventory list too. Hope there are still some left by the end of next week...I’m in my view window right now. Looks like there are 13 studios, 9 suites, 4 1 beds and 8 2 beds left in Trilogy. Not sure how many go each round, but good luck!

If you do end up having to look for other places, I had a good experience living in Copley managed buildings in Fenway (though it’s a very different type of apartment).One apartment left for trilogy at this moment.Same here😭😭Facebook groupsThis is great advice! Any tips on where you might find these people? I don’t see any of these people on the off campus Harvard roommate finder siteBefore the select window this morning, there were 19 2 beds at SFP. 

When I was in my view window I was able to download a daily inventory list pdf. I’m not sure, but it might be available on the top right corner of your screen when you’re on the lottery site. (I hadn’t noticed it until my window opened, but it might have always been there). Thanks so much for your help! Now I find the inventory list too. Hope there are still some left by the end of next week...Could you kindly check and see if there are any Soldiers Field Park 2 beds left? Thanks! My view window is next week...Facebook groups Thanks so much for your help! Now I find the inventory list too. Hope there are still some left by the end of next week...Before the select window this morning, there were 19 2 beds at SFP. 

When I was in my view window I was able to download a daily inventory list pdf. I’m not sure, but it might be available on the top right corner of your screen when you’re on the lottery site. (I hadn’t noticed it until my window opened, but it might have always been there). Thanks so much for your help! Now I find the inventory list too. Hope there are still some left by the end of next week...No one has extra tickets to commencement so STOP ASKINGThe worst are the ones that worm into your DMs like girls you went to high school with who now sell essential oils.

“I just want to connect with fellow graduates! Hey girl! By the way, my grandma almost died this year and her dream is to see me graduate! Can you boot your own parents to make it happen?”I just wanna complain about finals, man. And all I get are commencement ticket posts. 😮‍💨Two with the possibility of a third one if there are enough to go around for HES students. Not sure about the other schools.Future student, how many tickets do y’all get per student? Just curious.Hey, man, does anyone have extra commencement tickets? Willing to pay or exchange sexual favors for commencement tickets!Agreed. It’s extremely annoying, unproductive and selfish.Not to mention this sub is not meant to serve as a classified ad or Craigslist replacement.The worst are the ones that worm into your DMs like girls you went to high school with who now sell essential oils.

“I just want to connect with fellow graduates! Hey girl! By the way, my grandma almost died this year and her dream is to see me graduate! Can you boot your own parents to make it happen?”Two with the possibility of a third one if there are enough to go around for HES students. Not sure about the other schools.Does Harvard Require all Incoming Freshman IB Diploma Candidate Students to submit IB scores???Recently committed to Harvard! IB tests are upon us and as an IB diploma candidate (in the US), I feel very unprepared. Does anyone know if Harvard requires all freshman to submit IB test scores? If I do poorly, will my acceptance be rescinded?What ab if you’re American but live abroad?In most instances in schools abroad, the IB scores form a part, or all, of your final grade. In that instance, the school sent predicted scores for application consideration, and submission if your actual results would be required.>Does Harvard Require all Incoming Freshman IB Diploma Candidate Students to submit IB scores???

As a US student, no, it's not required

>If I do poorly, will my acceptance be rescinded?

No, as a US studentIn most instances in schools abroad, the IB scores form a part, or all, of your final grade. In that instance, the school sent predicted scores for application consideration, and submission if your actual results would be required.What ab if you’re American but live abroad?In most instances in schools abroad, the IB scores form a part, or all, of your final grade. In that instance, the school sent predicted scores for application consideration, and submission if your actual results would be required.Can graduate students take elective classes at other colleges?Hey everyone! I was wondering if for example a student doing their masters at GSAS can take elective classes at HBS or another college?Yes, you can register for courses in other Harvard schools and also at MIT, though there may be additional hoops to jump through. Whether or not those courses count for elective credit is a matter for discussion with your own program.Extension students can take courses at the other schools, just subject to a GPA requirement. Not MIT classes thoughThat's incorrect. According to their website ([https://extension.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2021/03/special-student-procedures.pdf](https://extension.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2021/03/special-student-procedures.pdf)), extension students have to apply as special students at Harvard and then if they are admitted, there is a limit of two classes. They can, however, register for Tufts, Brown, and MIT under the program (not sure if those count against the limit).

...Anyway, my point was that normal Harvard students cannot take extension classes for credit toward their degree. Only extension students can, and only toward the extension studies degree. Just so the OP doesn't get confusedYeah the special student status I what I meant dude. “…with a cumulative GPA of 3.5 or higher”
Didn’t know MIT was up for grabs thoughSo extension students are basically fake Harvard students then. They need to get special permission to take actual Harvard classesYes! Any Harvard student can take classes at any other Harvard school for credit toward the degree (with the exception of extension students and extension classes). https://gsas.harvard.edu/registration/cross-registrationIt’s unique to the program you’re in but a lot of them do allow itYes, in my experience it was very easy to. I took elective courses at HLS and HDS. Some of my classmates took MIT classes.That's incorrect. According to their website ([https://extension.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2021/03/special-student-procedures.pdf](https://extension.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2021/03/special-student-procedures.pdf)), extension students have to apply as special students at Harvard and then if they are admitted, there is a limit of two classes. They can, however, register for Tufts, Brown, and MIT under the program (not sure if those count against the limit).

...Anyway, my point was that normal Harvard students cannot take extension classes for credit toward their degree. Only extension students can, and only toward the extension studies degree. Just so the OP doesn't get confusedYeah the special student status I what I meant dude. “…with a cumulative GPA of 3.5 or higher”
Didn’t know MIT was up for grabs thoughSo extension students are basically fake Harvard students then. They need to get special permission to take actual Harvard classesExtension students can take courses at the other schools, just subject to a GPA requirement. Not MIT classes thoughYeah the special student status I what I meant dude. “…with a cumulative GPA of 3.5 or higher”
Didn’t know MIT was up for grabs thoughSo extension students are basically fake Harvard students then. They need to get special permission to take actual Harvard classesThat's incorrect. According to their website ([https://extension.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2021/03/special-student-procedures.pdf](https://extension.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2021/03/special-student-procedures.pdf)), extension students have to apply as special students at Harvard and then if they are admitted, there is a limit of two classes. They can, however, register for Tufts, Brown, and MIT under the program (not sure if those count against the limit).

...Anyway, my point was that normal Harvard students cannot take extension classes for credit toward their degree. Only extension students can, and only toward the extension studies degree. Just so the OP doesn't get confusedYeah the special student status I what I meant dude. “…with a cumulative GPA of 3.5 or higher”
Didn’t know MIT was up for grabs thoughSo extension students are basically fake Harvard students then. They need to get special permission to take actual Harvard classesSee you next fall!!!! - Incoming Harvard Law studentIf anyone has housing advice or advice on anything, please let me know!!!!I’m thinking the same but not sure what one - any thoughts on what you are leaning towards ?Congrats! Looking forward to being your classmate. I’m going to live in the dorms as a 1L to since it’s decently affordable and is super convenient.I'm gonna be in a Gropius standard I think. There are 4 Gropius buildings, and only 2 have washing machines. I don't have the housing sheet w me but I'd definitely live in the dorms w washing machines rather than notWhy????Things are falling apart, the bathrooms are gross, the lack of AC is really hard to deal with for the first two months. Of everyone that lives in Gropius, I don’t know a single person that is living here againCurrent HLS student, If you can do not live in Gropius. The savings are not worth itI’m thinking the same but not sure what one - any thoughts on what you are leaning towards ?Things are falling apart, the bathrooms are gross, the lack of AC is really hard to deal with for the first two months. Of everyone that lives in Gropius, I don’t know a single person that is living here againWhy????Things are falling apart, the bathrooms are gross, the lack of AC is really hard to deal with for the first two months. Of everyone that lives in Gropius, I don’t know a single person that is living here againAbout move out date May 15 2022 [Undergraduate Move-Out](https://calendar.college.harvard.edu/event/undergraduate_move-out?utm_campaign=widget&utm_medium=widget&utm_source=Harvard+College+Calendar) [12:00pm](https://calendar.college.harvard.edu/event/undergraduate_move-out?utm_campaign=widget&utm_medium=widget&utm_source=Harvard+College+Calendar) 

Does Harvard enforce the time and u have to move out no matter what? Can student stay for a couple of more days without getting kick out?> HUID won't work 

 If HUID won't work, does it mean u will be locked in u building and could not get out? or u could still get out? I know the dining rooms could be all closedYour HUID will not work to unlock any doors, so yes you would be locked out of your dorm building once you exit.You won't be locked in 😂 You just won't be able to swipe to enter.your HUID won't work anymore so take that into accountYes, you have to be moved out so that the rooms can be prepped for reunion alums to use them.not most, some, I guess.What about the old trick of putting a "SENIOR SUITE" sign on your door?

If you want to get annoyed, think about how most colleges let students stay for the summer if they want.Your HUID will not work to unlock any doors, so yes you would be locked out of your dorm building once you exit.You won't be locked in 😂 You just won't be able to swipe to enter.> HUID won't work 

 If HUID won't work, does it mean u will be locked in u building and could not get out? or u could still get out? I know the dining rooms could be all closednot most, some, I guess.Your HUID will not work to unlock any doors, so yes you would be locked out of your dorm building once you exit.You won't be locked in 😂 You just won't be able to swipe to enter.Does someone know how do I claim the 2026 class T-shirt?I got to the website and opened a user but I can’t find the place where I’m supposed to order the T-shirt.I got the email that says I can claim one when I open an account, but after I opened the account nothing happened and I can’t seem to find anywhere a place to claim itClick on the email link again after you've already logged in. The coop website is a bit bugged, it doesn't redirect after sign up. Just login and access the link.Thank u! It worked!check your email for a linkClick on the email link again after you've already logged in. The coop website is a bit bugged, it doesn't redirect after sign up. Just login and access the link.Thank u! It worked!I got the email that says I can claim one when I open an account, but after I opened the account nothing happened and I can’t seem to find anywhere a place to claim itThank u! It worked!Click on the email link again after you've already logged in. The coop website is a bit bugged, it doesn't redirect after sign up. Just login and access the link.Thank u! It worked!How to earn money?Hi! I'm an incoming international freshman student and I was wondering if there's another way apart from on-campus jobs to earn some money.

Thank you!Legally, you can't work off-campus jobs during your first (academic) year on an F-1 visa.Oil futureshttps://www.goodreads.com/book/show/471023.Ivy_League_Stripper

…but, you’ll probably need to transfer to Brown.How can I get that job?  :)Wowhttps://www.hsa.net/contactMy freshman year I worked for HSA dropping off laundry bags. I worked two hours at a time and would make $70 ($35/hr.).Library’s are great. Yenching Library stuff are amazing imoAvoid the rapist at HBS.Tutoring is popular.Put your name and cell # on local bulletin boards--LAWN MOWING and other outdoor maintenance.   $20 per hour...25% OFF your first job!  (Unless manual labor is beneath you-which means you really don't need the $$)That's awesome!Easiest job I ever had and one that a lot of international/athlete students did was work at the Murr Center (athletic complex).

I'd make 14 an hour just sitting at the front desk of an almost-always empty gym and I always got a lot of homework done on shift. All I ever had to do was sometimes wipe down equipment and make sure the doors were locked at closing time. Highly recommend.Unironically trading NFTs.Join UChoir.https://www.hsa.net/contactHow can I get that job?  :)WowThat's awesome!https://www.hsa.net/contactHousingHi!

I am undertaking an MPH this August at Harvard Chan.

I am currently looking for housing at Harvard at Trilogy or Shattuck or the nearby area.

If you have a roommate who is moving out or you're planning on giving up your lease and need someone to take it over, please could you let me know.

Please feel free to message me if you have any questions.

Best wishes,placement examsPrefrosh here, do placement exams allow you to place out of classes, or are they simply just to recommend you what class to take? If it's a recommendation, does that recommendation limit you to what classes you take? Thanks!For Language, a high enough placement score allows you “test out” of Harvard’s language requirement. 

For the other placement tests, they are merely suggestions as to what level of math and expos might be appropriate for you. If you have any questions, are on the fence with scores, or disagree with the placement suggestions, talk to your first year advisor (which will be assigned to you later this summer).My recollection is only a high enough grade on a language exam can exempt you from having to take language courses. Otherwise, exam performance is guidance for you to select course levels, you are free to ignore them.

I'm not a former student, this is my recollection from this being a common question. [Placement Exams](https://placement-info.fas.harvard.edu/) should be an authoritative source.Could anyone tell me how to max your chances of getting into a final club sophomore fall?I feel like final club related posts are always downvoted on here for some reason, but there’s almost no conversation about this beyond closed doors, so I’m hoping someone can tell me.

If it’s relevant, I’m a girl, so I’m talking about coed and female final clubs. If a club doesn’t pre-punch you in spring, is getting in in the fall unlikely? What can someone do to maximize their chances, if they have like a friend in each club?I guess I only had one of those.+ intense social climbingIt’s a combination of upperclassman friends, wealth, good looks, and luck.I’ve gone to a final club party basically every weekend that one has happened this year. The guys and girls there have been more fun and pleasant than most people I know.Stay away... they are bastions of rape and exclusivity. There are social opportunities elsewhere though clearly H has issues in its social sceneHow can they tell? And are you saying they generally don’t want to talk to first-years?They have no problem talking to first-years, but 1) don’t like feeling used, 2) don’t want to have insincere conversations, and 3) might find it odd if the initial interactions occur outside an established shared experience (another club, a class, a team, etc.)

It’s pretty easy to tell when someone’s being overly sycophantic. If you’ve been in a club for a while, you have plenty of experience with people buttering you up.Prepunching doesn’t matter a whole lot, they prepunch more girls than they’re taking in the fall anyway. The end of the year is already here but you can focus on being as social as you can— but also upperclassmen can tell when you’re trying to social climb so be careful about that.Why?get bent, nerdThe people on here are pretty anti-club and don’t like hearing about them. However, given they’re a non-negligible part of life at the College, I think clubs are very much fair game.Final clubs are literally the only sources of parties unless you go to MIT or are an athlete. Are people on here just not social?Yes. And think the sub should only reflect things *they* value at Harvard. Kind of silly — imagine someone complaining about all the posts about The Game every November.Harvard isn't the place to go to college if partying is an important part of campus life for you. That's probably why people don't appreciate the posts - we're not trying to be an SEC school. And I'd expect that the average Harvard student reflects that.Yeah. Are you a student or alum?Lol, partying is a part of all college life if you’re social. If you’re saying the average Harvard student is anti-social and awkward, that’s not true at all. We just aren’t given ample opportunity for parties, so students wander the streets searching for one and are unhappy with the social scene. Check Sidechat if you’re a current undergrad. Students very much want more party options, like MIT has, and most are pretty dissatisfied about it. Reddit attracts people who don’t like being around other people. They aren’t the majority.College life isn’t binary — it’s possible to be super dedicated to your studies and still want (and find time) to blow off some steam on the weekends.Alum.You’re so knowledgeable! Thanks :)I think we need to add a rule to this subreddit to disallow posts asking about getting into final clubs.I guess I only had one of those.+ intense social climbingI’ve gone to a final club party basically every weekend that one has happened this year. The guys and girls there have been more fun and pleasant than most people I know.They have no problem talking to first-years, but 1) don’t like feeling used, 2) don’t want to have insincere conversations, and 3) might find it odd if the initial interactions occur outside an established shared experience (another club, a class, a team, etc.)

It’s pretty easy to tell when someone’s being overly sycophantic. If you’ve been in a club for a while, you have plenty of experience with people buttering you up.How can they tell? And are you saying they generally don’t want to talk to first-years?The people on here are pretty anti-club and don’t like hearing about them. However, given they’re a non-negligible part of life at the College, I think clubs are very much fair game.Final clubs are literally the only sources of parties unless you go to MIT or are an athlete. Are people on here just not social?Yes. And think the sub should only reflect things *they* value at Harvard. Kind of silly — imagine someone complaining about all the posts about The Game every November.Harvard isn't the place to go to college if partying is an important part of campus life for you. That's probably why people don't appreciate the posts - we're not trying to be an SEC school. And I'd expect that the average Harvard student reflects that.Yeah. Are you a student or alum?Lol, partying is a part of all college life if you’re social. If you’re saying the average Harvard student is anti-social and awkward, that’s not true at all. We just aren’t given ample opportunity for parties, so students wander the streets searching for one and are unhappy with the social scene. Check Sidechat if you’re a current undergrad. Students very much want more party options, like MIT has, and most are pretty dissatisfied about it. Reddit attracts people who don’t like being around other people. They aren’t the majority.College life isn’t binary — it’s possible to be super dedicated to your studies and still want (and find time) to blow off some steam on the weekends.Alum.You’re so knowledgeable! Thanks :)Why?get bent, nerdThey have no problem talking to first-years, but 1) don’t like feeling used, 2) don’t want to have insincere conversations, and 3) might find it odd if the initial interactions occur outside an established shared experience (another club, a class, a team, etc.)

It’s pretty easy to tell when someone’s being overly sycophantic. If you’ve been in a club for a while, you have plenty of experience with people buttering you up.Final clubs are literally the only sources of parties unless you go to MIT or are an athlete. Are people on here just not social?Yes. And think the sub should only reflect things *they* value at Harvard. Kind of silly — imagine someone complaining about all the posts about The Game every November.Harvard isn't the place to go to college if partying is an important part of campus life for you. That's probably why people don't appreciate the posts - we're not trying to be an SEC school. And I'd expect that the average Harvard student reflects that.Yeah. Are you a student or alum?Lol, partying is a part of all college life if you’re social. If you’re saying the average Harvard student is anti-social and awkward, that’s not true at all. We just aren’t given ample opportunity for parties, so students wander the streets searching for one and are unhappy with the social scene. Check Sidechat if you’re a current undergrad. Students very much want more party options, like MIT has, and most are pretty dissatisfied about it. Reddit attracts people who don’t like being around other people. They aren’t the majority.College life isn’t binary — it’s possible to be super dedicated to your studies and still want (and find time) to blow off some steam on the weekends.Alum.You’re so knowledgeable! Thanks :)The people on here are pretty anti-club and don’t like hearing about them. However, given they’re a non-negligible part of life at the College, I think clubs are very much fair game.Yes. And think the sub should only reflect things *they* value at Harvard. Kind of silly — imagine someone complaining about all the posts about The Game every November.Harvard isn't the place to go to college if partying is an important part of campus life for you. That's probably why people don't appreciate the posts - we're not trying to be an SEC school. And I'd expect that the average Harvard student reflects that.Yeah. Are you a student or alum?Lol, partying is a part of all college life if you’re social. If you’re saying the average Harvard student is anti-social and awkward, that’s not true at all. We just aren’t given ample opportunity for parties, so students wander the streets searching for one and are unhappy with the social scene. Check Sidechat if you’re a current undergrad. Students very much want more party options, like MIT has, and most are pretty dissatisfied about it. Reddit attracts people who don’t like being around other people. They aren’t the majority.College life isn’t binary — it’s possible to be super dedicated to your studies and still want (and find time) to blow off some steam on the weekends.Alum.You’re so knowledgeable! Thanks :)Final clubs are literally the only sources of parties unless you go to MIT or are an athlete. Are people on here just not social?Yeah. Are you a student or alum?Alum.You’re so knowledgeable! Thanks :)Yes. And think the sub should only reflect things *they* value at Harvard. Kind of silly — imagine someone complaining about all the posts about The Game every November.Lol, partying is a part of all college life if you’re social. If you’re saying the average Harvard student is anti-social and awkward, that’s not true at all. We just aren’t given ample opportunity for parties, so students wander the streets searching for one and are unhappy with the social scene. Check Sidechat if you’re a current undergrad. Students very much want more party options, like MIT has, and most are pretty dissatisfied about it. Reddit attracts people who don’t like being around other people. They aren’t the majority.College life isn’t binary — it’s possible to be super dedicated to your studies and still want (and find time) to blow off some steam on the weekends.Harvard isn't the place to go to college if partying is an important part of campus life for you. That's probably why people don't appreciate the posts - we're not trying to be an SEC school. And I'd expect that the average Harvard student reflects that.Alum.You’re so knowledgeable! Thanks :)Yeah. Are you a student or alum?Lol, partying is a part of all college life if you’re social. If you’re saying the average Harvard student is anti-social and awkward, that’s not true at all. We just aren’t given ample opportunity for parties, so students wander the streets searching for one and are unhappy with the social scene. Check Sidechat if you’re a current undergrad. Students very much want more party options, like MIT has, and most are pretty dissatisfied about it. Reddit attracts people who don’t like being around other people. They aren’t the majority.College life isn’t binary — it’s possible to be super dedicated to your studies and still want (and find time) to blow off some steam on the weekends.You’re so knowledgeable! Thanks :)Alum.You’re so knowledgeable! Thanks :)serious ** selling 2 fete tickets (message me if you’re interested)Harvard Club of NYC First Monday Cocktail Party 5/2 - who’s going?Hi👋! Do you know anyone going to the first Monday cocktail party at the Harvard Club on 5/2? Both of my friends I thought I’d go with won’t be able to attend unfortunately, but I’d love to check it out again as a guest. Was there at the first cocktail party in April and it was fun and well attended. Thank you in advance for your help!Thanks! Look forward to seeing you there sometime.They do it every month. Unfortunately I won’t be at Mays but if you want to go to another month feel free to dm me! Enjoy it!Thanks! Look forward to seeing you there sometime.Harvard University Commencement Tickets - Desperate Grad StudentHey everyone --thought I'd send out a hail mary to see if anyone had extra tickets for the convocation that was coming up. I'm a grad student and we only get two tickets each, but both my sisters and parents will be here. If anyone had any extra tickets that they'd be willing to let me use or knew of a place to ask for extra (I've already tried through my school and connections) that would be amazing!   


Thanks!i requested tickets and still havent received any