Coming back for graduation gave me all the feels this weekend — wanta say I’m gona miss y’all!

I’m proud of graduating and having my degree and the things I’ve done since graduating. But disappointed that I didn’t make more long term friends from here. I wish I would have spent more time on campus and been more present in the time I was here rather than seeing it as something to do and accomplish. 

To the students — Harvard opens up tons of doors — so don’t sweat it. Enjoy your time here and make the most of being with your friends. To the grads — good job y’all. Graduating in general isn’t easy but to do it and grow at a place like here is even more challenging. Until we have a reunion I guess 👍🏼.Looking through [https://connections.harvard.edu](https://connections.harvard.edu), even when I log in with my HarvardKey, it only shows people currently affiliated with Harvard. Is there any way to look through a directory of people formerly affiliated with Harvard?Hey, I'm an incoming freshman. Where's the best place within walking distance of Harvard Yard to buy toiletries and other necessities? Is there a Target or Walmart within a mile of campus? Or is it just better to take a bus somewhere?Does financial aid cover the cost of student health plan (blue shield MA one, etc)? Or student has to pay for it? Say if financial aid said we need to pay $12000, if add th student health plan (say it will cost $3000 a year), do we still pay $12000? or $15000?Hey. I got accepted into multiple UCs but heard from Harvard last. 

What are the chances of being offered student housing for a Grad if you got admitted for next semester? I will be attending but my budget is low rn.EC10a
CS50
Math 21a
Expos 20
<not sure if I need a foreign language>

How does that schedule work for my freshmen fall semester? If it’s too hard or unreasonable or stupid pls lmk I’m kind of confusedI am currently looking for housing as I will be a graduate student from 2022-to 2023 at Harvard. I came across the FB page and noticed a lot of listings. However, no one engages with them as much as the Harvard University Housing posts does. Are they scams? Should I be aware of the ones that seem similar to other posts? Thanks everyone!I'm transferring this fall. How difficult are humanities classes generally? I will be a junior so presumably I will be taking upper level courses. Are classes generally exam or paper based, or a combination of things? 

I'm coming from a community college and a little worried I won't be able to keep up.So I’m kind of stressed because my viewing time for apartments was June 2nd. They emailed me this morning saying that they no longer have apartments to be viewed. I applied to dorms on campus, and this is really my first option. I just don’t feel like I have a back up plan anymore just in case that doesn’t work out. Needless to say that my masters program starts June 2nd. I’m committing to a school across the country and starting a program with NO PLACE to live. I feel like this could and should have been determined earlier. Now I have to look for off campus housing as a back up. Anyone frustrated and looking for a roommate too?? I’m an HGSE student.hi! anyone knows how intense the 4-yr masters is? Are summer classes required/ advisable?

And is it possible to do a AB and masters in different fields? E.g. AB physics, SM applied math?

Thank you!!I‘m a rising junior with a GPA of like 3.688 right now, I got a couple lower grades this semester which made me anxious. Especially because I‘m an international first-gen student I have no idea how seriously I should take my GPA, I don’t want to work myself to death so I‘m struggling to find the balance between working hard but not going crazy. I have solid extracurriculars and a good internship this summer so I guess I‘m not totally ruined. I‘m just scared because I know classes probably won‘t get any easier at this point. I‘m thinking of applying to business schools probably a few years after graduating college.I just tested positive, so I have to isolate until Sunday.  Does anyone know if they'll make me move out on Friday, still, or if I can stay longer?

And will they still provide food or do I just have to break isolation to eat?Good day, I am an international grad student starting this fall at HMS. Does any body know how likely it is to get housing at Harvard at Trilogy through the lottery by Harvard Housing?What were your 5 favorite classes and why?

Follow Up: Is there any method to how the canvas site web page numbers work? I'd like to browse through previous versions of different classes during the coronavirus when they were all recorded.So if you work for harvard and invent something during your work, you receive a 35% royalty of the net revenues of the product.

But how often is this royalty paid out? Is it monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, annual?I'm just curious about this.I read that only official tours are allowed, but is there anything preventing me from exploring the area without being a student?hi, rising sophomore planning on taking ec1011a in the upcoming fall. I am thinking of doing applied math and ec and want to take ec1011a to see if I truly like ec enough to pursue it (have taken 10a and b before). any general suggestions/experiences/recommendations to prep a bit for it over the summer are welcomehey guys

in a really crazy turn of events I got off of the Harvard waitlist yesterday. it still does not really feel real and I'm very excited about the opportunity.

I don't have too long to decide so I figured id come on here to ask a few questions. just to help with answers I'm currently committed to another school with a great business school for finance. at Harvard id primarily do Econ but id love to also do global affairs or something of the sort. as of right now Im interested in IB/consulting but I mean who knows in four years that might change.

questions:

I feel like I always hear about grade inflation at Harvard and I'm curious what its actually like. obviously I'm guessing it's difficult to do well in the classes there but do curves help a lot or something?

what is the atmosphere on campus like? above all I want a school that is collaborative among its classmates. does it becomes especially cutthroat between Econ majors who all want to be placed in big 3 consulting or the major IB?

in general, do most people who want to be placed on a Goldman Sachs-level IB or Bain-level consulting get it or is it still a relatively low percentage?

this last one is probably really dependent on who I ask but what is the work/life balance like? I'm sure the classes will be super difficult and require a large time commitment, but how is the social scene?

I think this is most of them but I'll edit this or something if I think of others

thanks!Hi, I'm a student at Dartmouth and I've been told by some upperclassmen that you can take certain courses at Harvard. How is this possible and can I take these in-person over the summer?  ThanksI still haven't received a grade from one of my classes. Do you know when all grades should be entered?Do the students from the College usually wear any tassels/etc. around the neck? I see this happening a lot with other undergrad institutions but now that I’m packing to come to graduation next week I’m realizing I don’t have anything of the sort. Just want to make sure I’m not missing something (the tassels do seem very fun to wear but a quick Google search is not yielding much on this topic).TitleI took CS20 last semester, and while I felt like the couse taught some useful practices in approaxhing proofs and mathematical notation, I think the material (namely the problems) in the class were a bit to basic / simple to improve my mathematical skills such that I would be fully comfortable taking a class like CS121. In other words, while the course taught a breadth of material, it didn't really go in depth that much and harder problems were often brushed over and rushed through. Therefore, I would like to prepare for 121 over the summer by doing more math problems to improve my mathematical thinking and maturity. What are some good resources to improve mathematical maturity, so I'm better prepared for CS 121 (amd 124)?If doing pre orientation this year, can we move to the freshman dorms directly? or there is some temporary housing for pre orientation program and then move to the formal dorm after pre is done and during the regular move in days? If it is the later, where can I store my move in stuff during pre?? A bit unclear. Was talking to my brother at Yale the other day and he told me that a lot of celeb kids go there. Is it really true that children/relatives of A-list celebrities/TV personalities etc are currently at Ivies/T10s but current students are supposed to be lowkey about them?Wondering if there's a dress code for the class day dinner commencement activity.What time is the gym usually empty/empty-ish
Are there any spaces to exercise outside?Title!
Can be anything. From internship to sports to job. :)I am planning on concentrating in CS, amd I am taking CS120/121 + Stat110 next fall. I am looking to see of I can find a third CS class that's fairly manageable, and I can improve my skills. I took CS50 + CS51 freshman year. I looked at the Q-Guide, and I'm not sure CS107 would advance my skills given that I've taken CS51. Has anyone taking CS107 after CS51? Is it worth it? Also, are there any other CS courses (other than 61) that some concentrators take in their somphomore fall in addition to 120+110?When is the schedule of 2022 classes released?For students at the College, do we not have swipe access into any of the buildings anymore after May 15? Can we even get into some of the libraries like Widener or Lamont?title! incoming freshman and not really sure how many roommates i should indicate on the housing form. having 5-6 seems excessive & i'd prefer having less but i'm not really sure how many is ideal. pretty flexible, i just want to have a clean room/suite and a relatively spacious/good room!! thanks so much!How much is the dirty room fee? My suite mates just upped and left, leaving the room looking like shit.

Would cleaning it and asking them to pay me be a dick move?Hello:) I'm writing the roommate application, and I'm  looking for suggestions as to what I should write about when it comes to what I'm like and what my idea roommate is like. For example I hadn't even considered alcohol until my brother mentioned I should probably include that I don't like heavy drinking , which I can see now is really important. 
Any help would be much appreciated ;)i’m visiting cambridge for only a day and am looking for examples of mental health culture on campus (eg. posters, signs, anything with mental health messaging on it). i’m making a documentary and am hoping to find some good footage for b-roll. any help or suggestions would be greatly appreciated!I am asking this question as I had a look around other machine organization / OS-like courses in other unis, and found most of them use pure C, instead of C++.

I am considering taking CS61 next term, and wonder what is special about this course that it uses C++ instead?

&#x200B;

Thank you!a mix of senioritis, my job, and stress from my household have made my drop a little they aren’t objectively bad but they just aren’t what they were when i first sent in my application you know.  i’m expecting to end this year  3 B+, 2 A-, 1 A, and possibly 1B but i was admitted as a straight A student.. in short would they view this as a significant drop in my grades?Hey all,

I'm starting next fall and I'm trying to get a rough idea of broker fees so I can decide between on campus or off campus housing. Thanks!Prefrosh here wondering if anyone can share about when and how lacrosse team tryouts are run for walk-ons? I know it’s a total long shot, but I’d like to give it a try.I'm sure this gets asked every year so sorry in advance!

Was wondering if anyone has advice on what the pre-orientation programs are like that maybe isn't too apparent just by their website descriptions? e.g. any personal experiences/things you've heard that you think would be important to know. Thanks :)Hello, I am a student interning in the area this summer and am looking for a place to stay for 8 weeks from June through the end of July. Please reach out to me if you are subletting your place!Hi folks. Any law students here who have stayed in North Hall before? Would love general thoughts, but especially any advice on picking a room with good sunlight... can't tell from the floor plans but I just want lots of windows and light. TIA!