Congrats to everyone who been admitted for the class of 2026! We've created this thread for you to meet each other, ask questions to the rest of the community, and to celebrate!

For those looking before decisions have been released, please do not speculate or post about things like documents changing in your dashboard. Nobody benefits from this guesswork, and your real decision will come soon enough!I found an Apple Watch during my visit. If you lost one and can describe it, I would be more than happy to ship it back to you.Hey! Incoming 26 wondering what the best type of laptop is for BME? I’ve read that there’s some sort of stigma against macs but what do you guys think? Anyone have any recommendations?title. sorry im a little confused abt how the modified major works, or whether id just be better off double majoring / minoring in my two areas of interesti’m a ‘26 interested in women’s rowing @dartmouth… and no prior rowing experience:) 

anyone familiar w the feasibility of the walk on process?For transfer students... when were you able to know when and what transfer credits were transferable?Hi all, I know there's other forums for housing and I'm keeping an eye on them but thought I'd post here as well. I'm looking for a 2 bedroom or equivalent size, off campus and pet friendly, budget is under 3k. Ideally close to green spaces for the dog. Any of the surrounding towns works for us. Thanks!Also, is there an interview-type thing in the app process?school mandated insurance feels expensive (especially given that I'm covered for urgent care and emergency care through my parents) - is it common for people to shop for their own insurance through a local agent or the healthcare exchange?I’ve played the piano the last 2.5 years or so, and I’m a ‘26. I’d like to continue this, but I’d say I hover around an intermediate skill level. Is there an expectation of how good a student should be to enroll in this program? Do IIP students—especially piano students—recommend it? How has your experience been? What should I expect? I don’t intend to major in music, it’s just something that is important to me. 
Thanks!Hey guys, I m aspiring to apply to dartmouth for undergraduate I would like to know which major is the easiest to get into because I have heard that computer science and social studies majors are extremely competitive.
So what are the majors with the highest acceptance rate if someone has got the data or can make a perfect estimate?This has been irking me for a while and no one seems to know exactly. WHATS THE RECOMMENDED WORD LIMIT FOR THE ESSAY QUESTIONS FOR THE LLCs?So yeah, an Indian out here, applying ED to Dartmouth for polisci.....any competitions up I could participate in this summer (till August 1)? Could be related to writing, debating et al. 

Thanks, mates!Incoming '26 here. Was just wondering what the self-placement process looks like. I know you've got to read and construct an argumentative essay of sorts but I'm not really sure. What is it like specifically?

(Also, could yall just add what writing course y'all chose and why? Is it worth going through the writing 5 rigour?)I'll be applying this fall and I am so in love with the school :)

Is there any advice you'd like to give regarding applying early? Could be anything substantial. I'll really appreciate it!I am a prospective student and I want to know how it works. I want to double major in English/Comparative Lit. + Philosophy/Film and minor in German/or any other cool lang. Can I still opt for a creative writing concentration?incoming ‘26 primarily interested in the entrepreneurship LLC. 

i live the idea of the program, and the McLaughlin dorms seem cool, but idk if i’d feel like i was missing out on the rest of dorm culture @ dartmouth. 

is it worth it to join an LLC? What house are u sorted into if u decide to leave the LLC sophomore year? what are the stereotypes associated w LLC students?

also, how hard is it to get in?!

any and all advice/personal input is welcome!!!Hi all! im transferring to D in the fall and want to jump right in to research. Is there a process I should follow? Do students tend to join ongoing research or create their own?Incoming 26 here. I was curious about substance free housing because it seems appealing to me but I thought there might be a stigma with it or a bunch of people whose parents signed them up for it and don't really want to be substance free. Does anyone here have any thoughts on it (as someone who has done it or is an outsider)?Hello, I am a rising sophomore at the University of Texas at Austin. I am from Dallas, TX but I’ll be spending the summer in NH since my mom lives here. I was wondering what is in the area that might allow me to potentially meet people as a non-Dartmouth student. Or, just what do you guys recommend for me to do for fun.if so, can you participate in non-live in opportunities? also, how are the opportunities and productivity? any anecdotal info? would you recommend to a freshman?Is it referring to having co-ed floors and having co-ed bathrooms vs. single sex floors? Can anyone clarify?I'm an incoming transfer student entering 3rd year. Do the prerequisites for my major have to be completed at Dartmouth?Incoming 26. Ik it was remote last year but to anyone who knows anything about it pre-COVID, what’s the general rep of it? Do most people enjoy it? Is it tougher living in McLaughlin and being somewhat isolated? What’s the general experience like and would you recommend it?I know that first year trips were altered because of covid and I was wondering if they are going back to normal this year?
Also what are peoples thoughts on the altered version?have you received any kind of acknowledgement that your LOCI was added to your file, or even any sort of response to your email?Hey everyone, I'm a new employee but different from most in that I'm actually a college student myself and only 21 years old. I have a few general questions though if you guys wouldn't mind answering.

The job I have gives me housing near the Co-Op but it's pretty shitty (1993 appliances) with no AC and I share the house and bathrooms with 2 30 year olds. I've looked at Dartmouth Upper Valley list plus every website I can and there is NO housing up here. I'm even willing to go up to 50% of my income and still couldn't find anything. Is that just a thing here where housing is pretty much a crapshoot? 

&#x200B;

Also since I'm 21, I'm still very much interested in meeting people my age but from what I can tell a lot of social life here is greek life based and/or restricted to students (Kyle concert, intramural sports, barbecue I was denied at, etc.). How can a 21 year old non-student meet people here? 

I also had a question about the AT bus. I have been given a parking spot in Dewey lot but that means a long walk to my office which limits the time I have for lunch. I believe that bus runs from Dewey lot to the Thompson lot (athletic fields) semi-regularly so is that an option or do I just need to get in shape and walk the mile or so?Was talking to my brother at Yale the other day and he told me that a lot of celeb kids go there. Is it really true that children/relatives of A-list celebrities/TV personalities etc are currently at Ivies/T10s but current students are supposed to be lowkey about them?

Who are some celeb kids/kids of famous people/famous people at Dartmouth?Some got theirs while others didn’tHi all, I'm an incoming '26. Just checking to make sure I am not missing anything - I haven't gotten any emails from Dartmouth about next year other than their emails last month regarding ways to learn about the school. I also haven't received an email about making a Dartmouth email. Is this where most people are at right now?Who all got accepted from Dartmouth waitlist.?first of all, congrats!! it’s hugeee

when did u guys send ur locis and how did you find this out?for the classes that give credit does that mean you don’t need to take the credit or you can take a different class to fill the credit but you still need to take a class? Also, does it make sense as an engineering student to place out of a calc1 or introductory physics class?Just gut off the Waitlist for the Class of '26. I am so nervous and excited. But I might get all C's in my final grades. I also have a valid reason. I was preparing for my country's entrance exams for colleges which is just a month away. Can I explain this to the admission officers or will it get me rescinded?hi! just wondering if there are any upperclassmen who are moving out this term who have tvs that they’d like to get taken off their hands. kindly PM me to negotiate prices!

thank youHi,

I was recently admitted under the waitlist for Dartmouth. However, this semester I may get a C in a difficult chemistry class at my high school. Would getting an A, B, and a C this semester cause me to be rescinded if I had near perfect grades before 2nd semester senior year? I’m pretty anxious right now.Hi, I'm an incoming 26 and I was wondering whether I can learn an instrument from scratch at Dartmouth. I'm particularly interested in learning a string instrument like violin or cello, through IIP or maybe any alternative arrangement? Do yk of ppl who did?

Also some background Abt me, my parents did force me to guitar school as a kid but I hated it and have forgotten most of it.If you have a boating license and are looking for a fun adventure out onto the waters of the Connecticut River next week (all expenses paid) or know of someone who would be willing and is legally authorized to drive a motor boat, please PM me!i did not lie about any exam scores. 

i am referencing scores from exams that i will be taking in the next two weeks.Hi! I’m an incoming 26 and I was wondering if someone could tell me a little about the dorms and somewhat rank them. 

Thanks!!Hello,

I am a 21 year old living in NH who has been playing guitar for more than 8 years at this point and am also capable of backing vocals, which I intend on doing both for this band that I am putting together. I started playing guitar being inspired by punk music, but have since expanded my taste over the years to include all kinds of rock music. I have played in bands and have experience with live shows. I go to a different school but I figured that I would reach out here figuring that there may be a lot of you from NH as well!

This will be a very intense band. I'm looking for bandmates that can make themselves available at least twice a week on weekdays. We will practice for 2 hours every practice, give or take 30 minutes depending on the speed at which we are able to accomplish our goals for that night. Every member will walk into the first practice knowing the entire repertoire I have planned by heart so that all we need to work on is developing chemistry and sense of dynamics within and between songs for that practice and all those afterwards. In terms of performing live, I seek to do this at least once a month. We will work on original material, however, I have already written the majority of the material. We will start with all covers and slowly incorporate original works as we play more live shows.

Here is what I am looking for from each individual member:

1. Drums - Loud, fast, and tight percussionist with a great sense of dynamics from each individual song down to even the most minute details of small fills. I am a huge stickler for drummers...as such I will be highly critical in terms of who I want to fulfill this role.
2. Bass/Backing Vocals - Someone who knows exactly how to fill the space, and is just as tight as the drummer is what I am looking for here. Must also be able to sing some form of backing vocals, preferably harmonies.
3. Rhythm Guitarist/Co-Lead Vocals (M or F) - You must know how to execute rhythms in a way that elevates the sense of "bigness" this band has as well as sing. You will not need to perform backing vocals, only taking lead vocals on certain songs that you are assigned for this set.
4. Keys/Co-Lead Vocals (M or F) - A decent keyboard player should be able to fill the space by incorporating a large variety of sounds into the mix (piano, strings, synth, etc.) from a single instrument, and be able to switch from simply making a cover more faithful to the original to making a pretty song sound prettier. Similar to the rhythm guitarist, you will not need to perform backing vocals, only taking lead vocals on certain songs that you are assigned for this set.

Here is what I am looking for from ALL members besides the previous points I mentioned earlier in the post:

1. 18 to 25 years old. Will not accept outside of that range.
2. Playing your instruments in your role of choice in this band for a MINIMUM of 4 years.
3. Must be able to bring all of their own gear. Drummers are a special case and will be figured out at some point in the future. Rhythm guitarists must possess both an electric and acoustic guitar. Singers must own at least a microphone, it is completely understandable if you don't own some sort of sound system for it (let alone want to attempt to bring it to every practice), so we will figure this out sometime later on as well.
4. Vehemence for the genre of rock and a desire to ultimately form a bond with your bandmates that will hopefully carry on even after the band dissipates.
5. Knowledge of showmanship and how to get the crowd nodding their heads to the rhythm, even if it's less than 50 people. It ain't just about bringing the noise, people say they're going to SEE a band play live, not listen to them.
6. The desire to be great, and learning what you can in order to get there.

Speaking of being a great musician, there's one more note that I want to make clear. When we practice for the first time, I want to be the worst player in the room, but I'm going to try my absolute hardest to be best. Get it? Good.

Now onto audition materials. There are five songs for this audition. They are as follows:

1. How Far We've Come - Matchbox Twenty
2. Welcome to the Jungle - Guns N' Roses
3. Dreams - Fleetwood Mac
4. Sugar, We're Goin' Down - Fall Out Boy
5. Saturday Night's Alright (For Fighting) - Elton John

This is not the full set, and at this time I am unsure if all of these songs will make the final cut for the first full repertoire, however, I am sure that 3 or 4 of them will. If there are any changes, I will let you know later via DM (I will explain that shortly). All musicians must audition all of their parts for each song. Rhythm guitar does not need to take any solos, and only needs to be able to sing How Far We've Come, Dreams, and Saturday Night's Alright (For Fighting). Keys only need to play on the three songs previously mentioned, and sing on the other two. Bass players do not need to audition backing vocals, simply indicate that you are capable of doing it.

If you have made it this far and decided that you want to be a part of this project, awesome! Here are your next steps:

1. DM me indicating your interest, your role of choice, your general availability over the next 3 months, and how you meet all of the criteria listed above as well as any additional information you feel like sharing about yourself. I will then provide you a time frame (and any potential changes to the audition set, if any occur) in which you are allowed to submit your audition material to me. DO NOT SEND ME YOUR AUDITION MATERIAL ALONG WITH YOUR INITIAL MESSAGE INDICATING YOUR INTEREST OR I WILL RULE YOUR SUBMISSION AS VOID.
2. After I give you a deadline to submit your audition material, you are free to submit it at any time before the deadline. You can submit it in spurts, all at the same time, etc., but it must be live footage of you playing the songs in real time to a backing track. I will judge you based upon the level of energy that you put into playing the songs as well as the accuracy to which they are played based on the original version. Obviously, you must submit the audition before the deadline is up, otherwise, you will be excluded from being a potential band member.
3. After you submit your audition, please wait for me to reach out to you. If I invite you out to coffee or lunch, it means I'm very interested in you joining the band. We will go from there.

That's all everyone! Thanks for taking the time to read through this and if any of you have questions about this post do not hesitate to ask as I will be happy to answer them. Additionally, if any bands are looking for a lead guitarist/vocalist I am willing to do it, but understand that the main reason I'm posting this is because I'm more interested in forming my own project. Also, if any of you want to talk guitar or music feel free to DM me, I'm always down for a friendly chat :)