Please see [the wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/UPenn/wiki/index) for a list of people you can contact with specific questions about Penn.

Here is the [ED FAQ post](https://www.reddit.com/r/UPenn/comments/rhxzfw/official_admitted_student_faq_and_decision/). Sort by old to see FAQ threads.

[Last year’s RD FAQ thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/UPenn/comments/ml2r10/official_admitted_student_faq_and_can_i_talk_to/).

[Words of advice](https://www.reddit.com/r/UPenn/comments/b7weso/words_of_advice_to_the_class_of_23_from_a_current/).

Next week, the Class of 2026 will receive their RD Decisions for Penn (Thursday, March 31, 2022, 7PM EDT). This thread will be used as a centralized Decision Reaction and Q&A Thread. Posts with specific questions about Penn will still be allowed. Other posts, including but not limited to Internal Transfer and Penn vs. XXXX posts, generic housing questions, questions that can be easily googled, and general reactions to admissions, will be deleted and the OPs will be sent here.

Welcome to r/upenn!

Please read the subreddit rules on the sidebar if you are new to the subreddit.

Good luck to all those waiting for their decisions!

Current students and alumni: Please check this thread to answer any questions.If you're staying on campus and don't have much to do or you want to hang out with people but don't know anyone else who might be free, use this thread to meet new folks and to try out new things!

Just some rules as a reminder: Be kind to one another, and don't put group chat links here (to avoid random people brigading the group chat). Feel free to DM each other if you don't feel comfortable leaving a comment here, but hopefully this thread is like a chill, on-going chat!anyone ever get emailed the professional photos that were taken during the grad ceremonies? I can’t even find upenn on the GradImages website and never was emailed :,) tyPlsDo the majority of people get into their program communities? I feel like my essay response isn't as good as I’d want it to be because I didn’t really understand the prompt, but I just didn’t know how important having a stellar essay is. How much do people typically write in word count?Would missing 2nd year orientation really be such a big deal? Not the whole thing but the first couple of days?A program community I was interested in "Food for Thought" isn't listed as an option on the housing application. I've noticed other "Student-Designed" communities also aren't listed. How can a student join these program communities?I'm a visiting undergraduate researcher living on campus for the next few weeks. I'm looking to play badminton both for working out and for fun. I'm a beginner and open to playing with anyone willing.Can the LPS biochem course (“Essentials of Biochemistry”) be used for the biochem med school prerequisite? Thanks!I'm an LPS post bacc student, meaning I've already graduated from an undergrad institution but will be taking a class or two at UPenn before grad school. The last math course I took in undergrad was Multivariable Calculus. What UPenn course would be a sensible follow up, specifically for someone who wants to pursue a grad degree in the quantitative social sciences? I've been mainly considering Linear Algebra, Advanced Linear Algebra, and Differential Equations and Linear Algebra, but any other suggestions are also welcomed.is it redundant to take both? is one a better class than the other?Hi all! Hope you don’t mind me asking a little question. My best friend is going to UPenn, and I’d like to get a gift for her to take. She got me a super clever stuffed animal that relates to my college’s mascot, so I’d like to do the same for her. The thing is, there aren’t any Quaker plushies out there. Are there any iconic UPenn inside jokes I could play off of, or should I go basic and get her a red and blue plushie? Thanks for your input!Any idea how to obtain a Moody's free account through Penn?How do you get an SSN and what are some horror stories of yours regarding SSN, and cultural shock in USA. I have heard that there have been students that had started job and didn’t have a Social Security Number, and when it came to get the wage, they didn’t- story from another Ivy league institution. 
Also I would be rrally grateful if you gave some advice on what we should be cautious when coming to Penn and USA. Thank you all very much in Advance.Hey, I'm an undergrad student staying in Philly over the summer, and looking for a tennis partner. Please dm me.I was recently taken off the waitlist and I’m trying to figure out the cost of the enrollment deposit but I can’t find it anywhere. Hi everyone! I recently graduated from UVA and will be joining Penn's MSE in Data Science program in the Fall. I was wondering if anyone is looking for a roommate?hey all - i'm a newly admitted freshmen for the class of 2026 that's trying to fill out their freshmen housing application! it looks like there's no way to rank the room type anymore (single vs double vs triple). i'd really prefer a single (preferring to live in quad, but open to change) , so i was just wondering if there was a way to increase the odds of getting one. 

thanks!hello, i’m class of 2026 and have a question about using waivers for econ:

i took ap micro & macro in sophomore year of HS and got 5s so i could use an econ 0100 and 0200 waiver. (001&002)

i’m a prospective econ major in CAS (may change)— does anyone who had a similar path recommend that i take introductory econ courses again? or would i be fine using the waivers and taking a higher level course?

i’m concerned bc i took econ so long ago & wonder if i need to relearn. has anyone experienced this & what do u recommend? would studying over the summer even help? tysmI'm an incoming grad student, and I'm looking for a group where I can find used furniture, preferably in University City.Anyone has any experience with these guys for off-campus housing? Thinking of leasing from them or Campus Apartments, LLC (which I think are very closely related?). Would love to hear your stories.I'm currently doing a summer internship on campus, but the pay is sub-optimal. Does anyone have suggestions of little things I can do on the side, either in Philly or online, to make extra money this summer? Thanks!im looking for a west philly 1br apt near clark park or chestnut/walnut/market st but its too early. When do 8/1 rentals typically open up?I've looked everywhere online but I can't find when's the last day to change grades of spring semesterIk my experience depends on the people I meet more than the dorm, but I need some last minute advice. 

I want a close-knit community, but one that is not so frat/party-centered if that makes sense. I also want an all-freshman house. I am double majoring in Econ/CS if that matters. 

I am deciding between Hill and KCEH (maybe a house in quad if someone makes a compelling case for it). Which one should I choose?I asked about on-campus grad housing at an admitted students webinar and was told that there \*wasn't\* on-campus housing at UPenn, was that correct? Something happen to Samsom Place? Does this just apply for international students like me?Title :) thanksI have recently been admitted through the waitlist so I am a bit late to everything including the housing application. I have not received my financial aid package yet, however my parents make less than $100,000 so I am optimistic that i’ll get good aid. I was thinking about enrolling by May 31 which is the deadline to be considered in the first round of housing. I was thinking of doing this since I really wanted a suite, I don’t think I can do traditional dorms. Is this a good idea?I’ll be in Philly this summer and was wondering how I might be able to get packages delivered to me. I’m worried that direct delivery to my sublet runs the risk of a package being stolen.Anybody know why pottruck has been closed/when it will be open again?Question: does getting dean's list mean you have a 3.7+ for each semester or having a 3.7 cum GPA for the academic year. For example, could someone get dean's list if they had a 4.0 fall semester and a 3.6 spring semester, but their academic year GPA comes out \~3.8ish. Thanks :)Trying to see what the student body is like at UPenn I found [this](https://careerservices.upenn.edu/resume-transcript-faqs-for-transfer-students) article on UPenn’s career site but it doesn’t provide an example of how to list combined GPA on a resume. I don’t go to UPenn so the career office hasn’t responded to my email asking for template. My school’s career office gave an ambiguous answer regarding this topic. Anyone have any info from personal experience or from a UPenn career counselor?Good morning reddit,
My amazing wife has applied for UPenn's online masters program in animal welfare and behavior. She's a busy working professional at an animal shelter. She is a behaviorist and has a bachelor's degree in psychology.

She has been wondering what practical benefits there are to this program. Will she be able to obtain a higher paying position with it? Will her knowledge of animal behavior improve to the point where it will greatly separate her performance from her peers?

The cost of the program is pretty significant, and she was wondering about the cost benefit ratio. There isn't much posted online about people's personal experience, at least as far as Google searches go.

Anyone who has completed this program with any feedback would be greatly appreciated.

Thank you, and I hope everything is awesome for you!Does anyone have recommendations for a second credit card - international student, credit score around ~750, been using Deserve for about 1 and a half yearsHi everyone,

I’m currently a Cornell student and going to intern in Philadelphia for fall semester. I’m looking for a room/an apt to sublet for ONLY fall semester (Mid August to Mid December) with a budget between $600-$700/month. My ideal location is near Upenn and Drexel. Please text me if you have any room/apt available!

Thank you!Hi! I'm interested in being a tutor for CIS121(0) next semester (looking to dedicate \~5hrs / week to it) and was wondering what it's like (time commitment, what you have to do, flexibility etc...). Thanks in advance!If anyone wants to collaborate in cis160 pm me!Hey, can anyone who’s taken Penn’s Pre-First Year Program tell me how much they cover for lost summer earnings?Does anyone know a good primary care clinic near campus or center city? Staying here over the summer so I'm trying to get acquainted with a new doctor.Ok I know I know this all sounds terrible but please hear me out. I’m a sophomore transfer to cas interested in computational biology. I know this is definitely my fault but I did not read the fine text regarding transferring to Penn. 

Apparently, Penn accepts NO credits for any college coursework done during the duration of high school. I think this would be fine for most people, but unfortunately for me, I’ve done more than half of my biology degree through courses taken at colleges when I was in high school. My old school accepted all the credits and honestly pretty much every other school accepted them except Penn. If I were to follow through with the computational biology degree at Penn, I’d be starting completely anew, retaking a ton of courses. I feel like that would be a terrible waste of my time at Penn. 

However, I’ve looked into it, and realized Penn’s CIS program offers a computational biology concentration, with more emphasis obviously on computer science than biology. If I were to follow through with this major, I’d have a lot more opportunities to explore the computational side of compbio (ie: Ml, algorithms) as well as avoid retaking most of my classes. Unfortunately though, transfers are not allowed to apply for internal transfer to engineering. So, i was thinking about doing a dual degree with engineering (allowed for transfers) and subsequently dropping my compbio degree. Would this plan work and does it make sense? Any thoughts are much appreciated.Hey! Super excited to be attending session three this summer at LBW on campus! Is anyone here attending with me? Do y’all think it’s worth it to purchase the gym membership?How does summer work study work? Do u have to login the hours and get paid weekly?I’m a graduate in planning that is relocating to Philly after graduation and I’d love to chat with you!