Please place all admissions related posts here, in the form of comments, and current Cornell students will reply. Try to be detailed; if we don't have enough information, we can't help. Also, if you are a prospective student, and have questions about life at Cornell, feel free to post them here!

Any "Chance Me" or admissions related posts placed elsewhere will be removed. If you are a current student, and think that you could offer advice to someone considering Cornell, feel free to respond to some of the posts! Please only respond if you are qualified to do so. We will be checking through these regularly for spam.Looking forward to next year. The mental toughness to score 5 straight and nearly come back from 9-2 is inspiring. Fantastic game against a generational Maryland team.Visas to come to the UK are available for grads from the top 50 universities in the world.  
[https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-61628740](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-61628740)  


It's being called discriminatory (given the Universities on the list) and needless by a lot of British press. But I think the bigger problem is people probably don't want to move. So I ask you clever Ivy Leaguers, who would actually consider this as an option post graduation.

&#x200B;

Details: Have to be within five years of graduation to apply. Visa length is 2 years for Undergrad and Masters and 3 years for PhD and you don't have to have a job offer before you come. Costs still apply $900 for the visa plus the surcharge for NHS medical coverage which I think is a few thousand.Here for the summer and have some extra time. I’ve done work at food pantries in the past and really enjoyed it, so something indoors like that would be good. Also, I’m able to drive.
Please sound off about places you’ve heard of or had good experiences with!did student center update grades for anyone today? teacher said she put in grades over the weekend but i dont see anythingHey gonna be a sophomore but haven’t received a package yet. I submitted my application the day fafsa came out. I rely on Cornell’s aid to stay at this school so I’m really worried. Should I contact the office? I got an email that they began reviewing my aid in late April.We are a group of Cornell students working on a small startup idea that is trying to prepare for VC rounds at the end of summer. Could use some help, if anyone is down. Willing to pay LOL. Need React / AWS experience.Just graduated but I’m staying in Ithaca during the summer. Is it possible to still buy a CFC membership? Thanks!I’m a rising sophomore thinking about studying psych. How tough is 2230? Are there any easier courses I could take that would fulfill the Behavioral and Evolutionary Neuroscience requirement?Hey all, 

Looking for a last minute sublet for this summer, since my lease apparently starts in June but I was under the impression it started in Aug. 800 a month, for the months of June, July, and half of August.

DM for details.Glass is broken but can easily be replaced. DM me for more details :)I want to drive to school on weekdays during working hours but I don’t have a parking permit. Does anyone know if they check parking permits on campus during summer break?Selling my coffee table, AC, TV for very cheap. Need to get rid of it so hmu if you’re interested$15 calculator
$10 iClicker 2

Must pick up todayMust be picked up quickly near Ctown; white dresser, dm for more infoI’m a CS Major but this can apply to the entire college

Freshman Year Fall 
Freshman Year Spring
Sophomore Year Fall
Sophomore Year Spring
Junior Year Fall
Junior Year Spring
Senior Year Fall 
Senior Year Spring

?Selling Black + Decker AC 10,000 BTU for $200 OBO. Need to get rid of by tonight or tomorrow morning! Pickup in ctown. DM me for detailsAnyone interested in cat sitting in Ithaca this summer? A super sweet 1yr lap kitty needs somewhere to stay from around June 05 to mid August. PM for more details/ if you’re available!Two very nice trash cans and yoga mat! Dm if interested for more details!yOuR eBiLL hAs nOt bEeN ViEwEdAnyone have any opinions/ advice/ experiences with Cornell in Rome? Can’t decide if I want to go here or somewhere else. TIA!I am a May 2022 graduate. The Dyson business minor confirming completion deadline is May 31, but the grade of this capstone class is still in progress on May 30! Do people know that will happen if we don't confirm the completion by time (yet hopefully before they can manually add it). Do they look the same?Any test sites open?if all the shit i hear about the avg gpa being 3.0-3.2 here, especially in hard fields like engineering, then how do some grads expect to get into a grad school after their bachelors? Is that gpa just bs or not the majority?How well does a Linguistics Minor/Major complement CS? 

I am a CS major in CAS, also interested in Linguistics. Was wondering how the program is at Cornell and if it adds any value to my CS degree.Does anyone know when they're coming out? It's on the registrar's calendar for fall, but I don't see it for spring.My apartment room is available for sublet for next semester/year. It’s one bedroom in a 4 bedroom apt on Cornell St, 700$ rent plus utilities.
DM me for details!Hi! I know this might be a long-shot, but I am moving to Boston in late June/early July and would love to room with another Cornellian; I don't personally know anyone else that is going to Boston and would rather room with another Cornell graduate/alum. I'm taking two gap years before medical school and will be doing research in Boston during my gap years. Please feel free to DM me if you're interested and we can meet over Zoom or something, thank you!I'm looking for things to do in Ithaca today. Could be restaurants, bars, sports or anything else.hi all, i'm here for the summer & i'm moving from my dorm on north campus to a co-op on west campus. 

i don't have a car, and uber XLs are very hard to find at the moment, so i'm wondering if anyone with a car/minivan/truck would be able to help me, preferrably today (5/29) or tomorrow (5/30)? you don't need to help lift any of the stuff, just drive me & my stuff 1-2 trips from north to west. i will do all the heavy lifting, and i will pay for your troubles.

pm and let me know!!I am worried about it would be difficult to find a job at the end of this year or next year? Usually how long would this kind of situation last...Hi! I am a female in a double at Schuyler House this fall. It's a huge room and the building is super nice and quiet. Anyone willing to swap for a room on West? Doesn't matter the room type!